Hello and welcome back to another exciting tutorial of great stack. In today's video, we are going to build and deploy an AI réumé builder website using stack. In this full stack project, user can sign up and create their online réumé and they can share the live rumé link to anyone. So let's take a look at the project demo. So this is the homepage of our réumé builder website. You can see we have created the beautiful hero section with navigation bar, welcome message and action buttons. After that we have next section where we have added réumé building process. Then we have the testimonials and after that we have the call to action section and footer. Now let me just click on this button. I'll click on this get started. So it will open this signup page. And if I click on login, it will open the login page. We can also switch the form from here. If I click here, it will open sign up and click here. So, it will open the login page. So, you can create a new account and let me login with my existing account. I will add the email id and password. After sign up or login, you will come to this dashboard where you can create a new rumé. So, here we have two buttons create réumé and upload existing. So let's click on this first one create réumé and here we have to provide the réumé title. So I'll write my réumé and click on create rumé button. So it will create a new réumé with this title and after that here you can enter the rum details. So first you have to add the personal info. So in this personal info let me add the name. I'll add the name here. After that you can add the email id. So I'll add the dummy email id and dummy phone number and then we will add the location and after that you need to provide the profession. So I'll write the profession web developer and uh after that you need to enter the LinkedIn URL and your personal website URL and this is optional. So whenever you will enter the data, you will see the live preview in the right side. So this is your actual réumé. Correct? If I click on this next button, it will open next section where you can enter the other details like professional summary. So here we will add the professional summary like this. And here we have the AI feature like I can enhance this professional summary using AI. So we have this button AI enhance. I'll just click here. So it will enhance this professional summary using AI and it will be updated in the resumeum also. You can see it has been updated. Now we can click on this next button. So here we have the option to add the experience. So whenever we are adding a new data it is reflecting in our rumé. Let's click on this add experience button and after that here we'll add the details. So first we have to add the company name. Then we have to add the job title and after that you can choose the start and end date. So first you need to choose the year and then choose the month and after that you can also choose this one currently working here and here you can add the job description right so here we'll add the job description like this and you can also improve this job description using AI. So I'll click on this button enhance with AI. So it will enhance our job description. So it is loading. You can see it is generating the new job description and it has been generated. So we can improve our job description using AI. Now click on the next button and here you can see the education section. You can add the education details. So just click here and provide the institute details. You can add multiple education details. And in this professional experience also you can add multiple experience by clicking on this button. You can click here and add next experience. If I go to next page here you can add the projects. Click on this add project and here you can add the project title and then you can add the project type. So let's add the project name. Then we'll add the project type and after that you can describe your project. So we have added the project description. So it is reflecting in our rumé like this and click on the next button. Here you can add the skills also. So after adding all the data you can click on this save changes. So your rum will be saved. And after that you can also change the rumé template. If I click on this template button here we have multiple templates. If I switch to modern you can see the template has been updated. Let's choose the next one. So this is the another template. Let's click here. This is the minimal template. Now in this one we can add the image also. And we can also change the template color. Here you can see the button ascent. If I click here. So from here you can change the template theme color. So I'll just click here. So now you can see the template is green. Now let's change it. You can see the template in pink color. After that I'll change it. I'll choose orange. You can see the template in orange color. We can change the template here. Now you can see all the titles are in orange color. If I come to next template, you can see it is also looking good with this color. Let me change the color to red. Now let me add the image also. So I'll come to the first section that is personal info. Here we can upload the image. So I'll just click on this button and let me upload one image. But before that let me show you this image. So this face is not in the center of this image. So it will automatically focus on the face. Let me just upload this image and we can also remove the background of this image. Right now you can see the background is gray. So I'll just enable this toggle button. So it will remove the background and it will also focus on the face so that the face will be visible in the center. After adding it just click on save button. So you can see the notification saving. Now you can see successfully saved. And here we have this image with transparent background. And in the background we are getting the theme color. If I change the theme color you can see if I change blue this blue color is displayed in the background. If I change green, this green color is displayed in the background of this user image. So we have removed the user background and added the background color using our theme. So this is another awesome feature of this réumé builder. Now you can also download this ré. If I click on this download button, you can see you can easily print this rumé and uh after that you can also make this rumé public or private. So right now you can see this button private. Right now this réumé is private. If I click here it will make it public and you will get the share link. If I click on this share button you will get the shared link like this. Just copy this and you can open this link in new tab. So you can see this is the live URL of your réumé. You can share this link to anyone and they can see your rumé online. Right now let me just come back to the dashboard again. And here you will find all your résumé that you have created using this application. So you can see one réumé. Now let me add a new rumé. I'll just click on the second button upload existing. I'll click here. And here you need to provide the title. So I'll write the title here. My another rumé. And instead of adding the details manually, you can also upload your existing rumé and it will enhance your rum using AI. So I'll just click here and I will upload the existing rumé. So I'll choose this PDF file and then click on upload réumé button. So you can see our réumé has been generated and here we have the pre-filled data. Right? If I come to next section, we have the professional summary, experience, education, projects, skills, right? And we can also change the template. Let's choose this template and click on this download. So you can download the réumé like this and after that you can also make this rumé public. So I'll just click on this button to make it public and after that click on share and copy this link and paste it in this new tab. So this is the live URL of this réumé. We have not updated the changes. So let's click on this save changes so that it will save this template. And if I come back, refresh it, so you can see updated template, right? Again, I'll change the template here and click on save changes. Come back, refresh it. You can see the updated template. So this is the live link of réumé. So this was the project overview. After that, let me just come back to the homepage. In this project, we have added AI feature to enhance the réumé using Google Gemini to upload and optimize the user profile image. We have used image kit. Image kit is a realtime media processing product that helps optimize, a stream and transform images and videos for the web. It can automatically compress and convert images and videos to a suitable format for every device. It also have AI feature to remove the background of an image. After building this full stack online rum builder app, we will deploy it online using hostinger VPS server. So if you are also excited to build your own AI rum builder, just write down I'm going to build this AI rum builder in the comment box. I will recommend you to build this project and add the project live link in your rumé or you can also use it as your college project. Now let's get started. To create our rumé builder project, we will come to desktop screen and here we will create a project folder. So create a new folder and write the name rum builder. Now let's open this folder with VS code editor. Now this folder is open in VS code. Here we have to open the terminal. So just click on this terminal and choose new terminal. So in this terminal you can see we are in this réumé builder directory right and here we have to create our react project for that we are going to use the wheat package so let's add npm create wheat at latest now press enter after that here we have to press y after that here we have to add the project name so here I'm going to type client. Here we are going to create the full stack project where we'll create client folder and server folder. In the client folder, we will create the front end of our project and in the server folder we'll create the backend server. So we have added the project name client. Then press enter. After that we have to choose the framework. So let me choose react. Then we have to choose the variant. So here we will choose JavaScript. Then we will choose no. So simply press enter. After that we will choose yes and press enter. So it is installing the dependencies. So after that you will find a folder in your left sidebar. You can see the client folder here. And if I expand it in this one, you can see we have these folder structure. It has node_modules folder where the dependencies has been installed. So after that you can see the project is running at this URL localhost col 5173. So let's open this URL in the web browser. So you can see our basic wheat plus react project is successfully running in web browser. Next we have to clear this project. For that we will come back to the VS code. Let's hide this terminal and after that let's open the src folder. In this src folder you will find app dot css file. So let me delete this file. After that here we have app dot jsx. So we will open this app dot jsx and clear everything from this file. And here we will add r a fce to create the complainer structure. After that let's open the index dot css file and we will clear everything from this file. After that we will open main.jsx or let's open this index.html. So in this one you can see we have the title tag right. So here we have to update the website title. So let's write the title here. Rumé create your réumé in minutes or let me write builder. After that you can see here we have wheat.svg SVG in this link that is the favicon icon. So to update it we have to add one image. So if I open the web browser you can see at the top you can see we have the wheat icon right. So we will replace this favicon icon. For that let me just come back to the desktop screen. And here we have the assets folder. You can find the download link for this folder in the video description. So let me just copy everything from this folder. In this folder we have the templates then assets.js file then dummy profile image and fabicon and logo. So let's just copy everything and open our project folder. So in this project folder we have the client folder. Then we have the src and here we have the assets. So in this assets we will paste everything. We can delete this react.svg. After that from here just copy the fabicon ico file. Let's copy it and come back to the previous directory. And here you will find public folder. Let's open it. And here just paste this fabicon dot ico. Here we will add the logo also. So I'll just come back here in the src assets and copy the logo SVG. Just copy and paste it in this public directory. So we have added the logo also and remove this wheat. SVG. After that let me just come back here in the VS code and here we can replace this wheat. SVG because we have added the favicon.ico in our public folder. So let's add the name here favicon.ico. That's it. Save the changes and open the web page. So you can see the fabicon icon has been updated in this browser title. Right now after that if I open the src folder then assets. So in this assets you can see we have the assets.js file. So in this one we have added all the dummy data. So in this assets dojs file we have imported the dummy profile image and after that we have created one dummy rumé data. Next we have to add some other packages in this project like we will add the react router DOM and we will add the lucid react to add the icons in this project. For that let me open the terminal and the project is running. So we'll add Ctrl C to stop this project. After that you can see we are in the resumeum builder directory. Right? So we have to change the directory. I'll write cd a space client. So now we are in the client directory. So here we have to add the packages. So let's add npm install and write the package name react and after that we have to add the routing in our project so that we can create multiple pages and change the routes. So here we will add the package react router DOM. After adding it press enter. So it will install these packages. It is installing. It is installing these packages. Now it is completed. Let's open our package.json file. So in this one you can see here we have the dependencies. So in this dependencies we have leucid react and after that here we have the react router DOM that we have just added. After that in this project we have to add the Telvin CSS. Right. So let me just come back here on the web browser. Let's open new tab and search for wheat plus Telwind. And let's open this link. So here we have the steps to install Telvin CSS in our react project built using wheat package. So you can see the first command is to create the react project and after that we have to use this command to install the Telbin CSS. So let me just copy this and paste it here in this terminal. It is running. Just wait for it. Now it is completed. After that we will come back here and you can see here we have to add this Telvin CSS in this define config right under this plugins array and we have to import this Telvin CSS. So let me just copy this import statement and open the wheat config file. So I'll just come back here and from this sidebar let me open wheat config.js JS file and in this one let's add this import like this and after that in this plugins array we have react right so after that we'll add the comma and here let's call this Telvin CSS like this now save the changes after that let's see the next step so we have to import the Telvin CSS in the CSS file So let's come back to the VS code and uh in this one we have the src. In this src we have index dot css file. So in this file let's add this statement import telin css. After that let's see the next step. So now we can start our project using npm rundev. Right. And after that we can simply use the Telwind classes in any HTML component it will work. So let me start the project. So we'll open the terminal and in this terminal simply write npm rundev. So it will again start the project on same URL. Now let me hide it. And if I open the web browser refresh it. So it is working fine. The web browser is cleared. Correct. Next, we have to add the Google font in our project. We are going to use the outfit font. So, let me open a new tab and search for Google font. Let's open this link fonts.google.com. On this website, let me search for outfit and click on this get font. Then you can see this button get embed code. After that click on this import and copy this import link. I'll just copy this one and paste it here in this index dot CSS file. So let me paste it at the top like this. So we have added the Google font import statement and then imported the TIN CSS. Right? After that we have to apply this font on entire web page. For that let's add star. So it will select all the elements and here we have to add this font family. Let me just copy this font family from here and paste it here. So this outfit font will be applied on entire application. Now we have to create different pages for our application like we will create the homepage, dashboard, login page, preview page where we can preview the réumé and we will also create the réumé builder page. So here we have the src. So in this src let's create a new folder and write the folder name pages. Now in this pages folder, let's create our first page. So we'll create a new file and write the file name dashboard.jsx. And here let's add RAFCE to create the complaint structure. And here let me add the title also. So I'll write the title dashboard page. After that let's create another page. So create a new file and write the file name home dot jsx. Again write rafce and create the comp structure and write the text here that is homepage. Now let's create new page. So I'll create a new page using this new file in this pages folder and here write the file name layout.jsx create the component structure and here we'll write title layout page and after that let's add a new file. So write a file name here that is login. So we have added login.jsx and here let's add the text called login page. After that we have to create the preview page. So here we'll create a new file and write the file name preview.jsx. Then write RFC and create the component structure and write the page title preview page. Now we'll create one more page here. So create a new file and write the file name. It resumeume builder.jsx. Then write and here let's add the title rum builder page. So we have created different pages and after that we'll create a components folder where we'll create all the components. So in this src folder let's create another folder and write the folder name components. After that we have to add the routing for these pages. So we have already added the react router DOM package. So let's configure it. For that let's come back here in this main dot jsx file and in this one we will add import curly braces from and let's provide react router DOM and from this react router DOM we will import the browser router. After that let's use this browser router instead of this a strict mode. So remove this a restrict mode and provide browser router opening and closing tag and within this we have the app right correct then we will remove this mode from this import save the changes and after that let's open our app dot jsx. So if I open app dot jsx here we have this return and in this return we have this div. So remove this div we will add the fragment. Now in this one we have to use the routes tag. So let's add opening arrow routes. Just click on this suggestion. So you can see the routes tag has been imported from react router dump. Let's close this tag. So we have routes opening and closing tag right after that within this we have to create our first route. So let's add opening arrow route just import this route from react router DOM by clicking on the suggestion. So you can see the route has been imported and it will be self-closing like this. So in this one we have to add the path. So the path will be / that is homepage and when we will come to the home path here we have to display the homepage. So let's add the element here and in this element just add curly braces and provide the homepage or home component. So let's click on this suggestion. So close this tag. So this home has been imported from the pages folder and home file. Let's save the changes. And after adding it, if I open the web page here, you can see the text homepage. Right after that, just come back and let's set the routes for other pages also. So here, let's add the route tag again. And here, let's add the opening and closing route tag like this. Because in this route we will add sub routes. So here let's add the path and the path will be app. And after that here we have to add the element and in this element let's add curly braces and provide layout. So we will import the layout here. It has been imported. And after that within this route where the path is app we'll add another route. So just add the route tag. It will be self-closing like this. And after that let's add the index. And here we will add the element. And uh in this element we will add the dashboard page. So the dashboard page has been imported here. Now just duplicate this line and in this one we have to add the path. So let's add the path here and the path will be builder slash and then we'll use the colon rum id. So this rumé id will be variable. It could be anything. And after that here we have to provide the rum builder page. So just add réumé builder page. So this page has been imported right. So here you can see first we have added the home path. After that we have this route. In this route we have added two sub routes. Correct? Then we'll create another route here. So after closing of this route tag let's add another route. So I'll just copy this one and paste it here. So in this one we'll add the path it will be view/ colon and provide the rumé id. So here we can view the rumé right and after that in this element let's provide the preview page. So let me select it from the suggestion. Correct. Next we have to add the login page also. So just duplicate this line. And here we'll add the path. So the path will be login. And after that in this element let's add login imported from the pages. So it has been imported. Right now let's save the changes. And after that if I open the web browser and in this URL if I type / app so you can see it will open layout right and if I open view slash and any ID I'll type and it will open preview page. You can see the text here preview right and after that instead of this view here we'll add app/ builder slash and any id. So it will open layout page again. So in this layout page we have to mount our builder and we will also mount the dashboard. Right? So let me just come back and we'll open the layout.jsx file. Here it is. So in this one we have the text right and after that let's add one div. So in this div we have to mount the outlet using that it will display the components added in the sub route. So let's add outlet and import it from the react router DOM. Now let's save the changes and come back here. So here you can see we have the layout page and resumeum a builder. Correct? And if I simply open / app, it will open layout page and dashboard. Right? And if I open / login, it will open the login page. And uh if I come to homepage, it will display the text homepage. So this routing is working fine. Next, we have to create the components one by one. So first we have to display the banner at the top of our hero section. Right? To create our components, we are going to use pre-built UUI.com. So let's open a new tab and search for pre-built UUI.com and open this link. Here you will find a lot of readytouse components built using Telbin CSS. If I open this components page, here you can see we have the components for all the categories, right? And here we have the templates also. If I open the templates page, here we have readyto use templates built using Telwind CSS that you can directly use to create your own web page. After that, let me come to the components. After that, let me search for the banner component or you can also use the search feature. I'll just click here and search for banner. So let's click here. So now we have the UI components for banner. Now here you can see we have different type of banner that we can easily add in our react project. So let me use this second one. I'll just click on this code option. So it will display the code. From here you can choose the code type. It will be HTML, React and view. So I'm going to use React. So here we have the code to create this banner component in React project. So just click on this copy icon. And after that let me open our VS code. So here you can see we have the components folder. So in this components folder we'll create another folder called home. Because in this home folder we will add all the components required for the homepage. Now in this home let's create the first component file. So create a new file here and write the file name banner.jsx. So we have created this banner.jsx file in this home and after that let's add rafce to create the component structure. And in this one, let me paste the code that we have just copied. So from here, I'm going to remove this and this one also. So we have just copied this from the pre-built UI. Let me align it. So in this one, we have a div where you can see we have the Telvin classes. Then we have the text in this P tag right and from here let me remove this closing div and this div. So here you can see we have the text in P tag. So in this P tag we'll add the text called new and then we'll write AI feature added. Just save the changes and after that we have to mount this banner component. So let's open the home.jsx file and let me remove this title from here and simply write banner. Click here to import it. You can see the banner component has been imported and close this tag. Now save the changes and open the web page. So now you can see this banner has been added on our homepage. After that we have to create the hero section of our website. For that again we will use pre-built UI. So just come here and in the left side you can find all the different categories right. So you can search here. Here we have hero section. So let me just open it and after that here you will find different components to create the hero section on your web page. So in this list, let me scroll down and I will choose any of this hero section to add in our web page. So I'll choose this one hero section with action buttons. Here you can see we have the navigation bar also. Then we have the welcome message and action buttons. Then we have the trusted brands logo. So to use this, let's just click on this code and click on this icon to copy this code. That's it. And after that, let's open our VS code. And here let's open the sidebar. And in this home folder that is under this components, we are going to create a new file and write the file name hero.jsx. Now in this one let's add RFCE. So it will create this component structure right and here we have to paste the code. So let me just come back here and uh I'll just copy this code from here and paste it here before this return statement like this. And after that just come back and copy this code from this return statement. So just copy this fragment and let's paste it here inside this return. So remove this div and paste the code that we have just copied. That's it. So after adding it, let me open our web page. Let me refresh it. So we have not mounted the hero component. So let's open the home. JSX file. It is here. So after this banner, let's mount the hero component. It has been imported. And now if I open it, you can see here we have this navigation bar. Then we have the users image. then welcome message and accent buttons and then we have the trust rate brands logo. So now we have to update the color and images and we'll also update the text. So let me just come back here and open the hero.jsx file. So here you can see we have the state called menu open and here we have the react dot use state right and after this state here we have the logos where we have added different logos that will be displayed in the trusted brand logo section. Right. So after that here we have the div. So let me move in the left side. So here in this one you can see we have the nav tag right where we have added the navigation bar. After that here we have the SVG logo right in this a tag. So I'm going to remove this SVG tag. Let me collapse it and remove this SVG tag. And here I'm going to add the logo that we have added in the assets file. So here let's add img tag then src and here let me write / logo. So this logo is also available in the public folder. So we can simply use / logo dot SVG like this. And after that here we have to add the alt text. So in this alt text just add logo. And after that for this logo we have to set the height and width. So we have added height 11 and width auto right and after that let's see this div. So in this one we have the text called home then we have features then testimonials and contact right and after that you can see in this hdef we have the hashtag then we have the hashtag features then # testimonials then #cta so when we will click on this menu items it will scroll the web page to the particular section whenever whenever we will create these other section also right after that here we have to update the color so right now you can see in this navbar we don't have any color code right but uh if I come here in this div here we have a tag and in this a tag you can see text color that is on hover right so let Let me change it here. We will use green. Instead of this indigo, we will use text green 600. So I'll just update it everywhere. Text green 600. And uh after that just come here in this div. So in this one also you can see we have color BG indigo 500. So let me change it BG green 500. After that let's come here. Here we have the login button. Right. So in this one here we have the color that is the hover color BG slate 50. So let it be. I will not change it. But here we have to add the link tag so that we can navigate the pages. Right? So instead of this a tag we are going to use the link tag. So let me use this link and click here to import the link tag from React Router DOM. It has been imported. Right. And after that here we have the link open and closing tag. Now let me just remove this href from here. Correct. And after that here we have to add the two property. So here we have to define the path. So let's add double quote or single quote. And here we will add / app then question mark and then add the state equal to register. So when we will click on this get started it will open the / app and it will add the state register in the URL parameter. After that let's come here in this login. So here again we'll add the link link open and closing tag and here also we'll add the two property in this two let me write / app question mark a state equal to login because this is the login button right and after that here we have already updated the color It is BG green 500. It's correct. And here we have the indigo. So let me remove this indigo and provide green 700. And uh in this second button we don't have any indigo color. So let it be. So after that here we have this button and in this button we have the SVG icon. So we will use this SVG icon. Will not change it. And after that here we have the mobile menu. So in this mobile menu we have the a tag and you can see the text home and then we have the other text. So let me just correct it. So here let's provide the text from here that is features testimonials and contact. So we'll write features and here let's provide # features it will be small f and uh just copy from here testimonials paste it here and here let's write as testimonials then we'll add the contact here and here we'll add # contact and in the first one we will simply write has you can see in this previous menu item here we have has for this home it is correct after that let's scroll down so here we have the hero section After that in this hero section we have the images. So we will use the same image. Just scroll down. Then we have a div. So in this div we have one array and using this array we have added the icons. Right? Here we have added the SVG icon. After that here we have the text. So this is the text called used by 10,000 plus users. So we will keep this text. After that here we have the headline or CTA. Right? So let me update this text. So I'll just write land your dream job with AI powered rumé. So let's write AI powered resumeum. So we have updated the CTA text or welcome text. After that we will update the description also. So here we have the description inp tag. So I'll just update this description. And after that we have the call to action buttons. So the button text is get started and then we have the icon using SVG. Then we have the button tag. But in this button we have the a tag. So I'll just update it here. We'll add link. So we have the link opening and closing tag here. And in this link remove this href and provide two and it will be / app. So it will open the app or dashboard where user can create the rumé or build the réumé. After that here we have the button right and uh after this button we have the text in P tag. So the text is trusted by leading brands including and then we have the brands logo. So we have added the logos and provided the map method. So it will display all the images using this img tag. Right? After that here we have the style tag. So let it be. Now let me search this page and update the colors everywhere. So I'll just use Ctrl F and provide indigo. So we have the indigo color everywhere. Right? So let me replace it. I'll replace it with green. Let's click here, replace all, and save the changes. Now, if I open the web page, you can see it looks nice. Here we have the text, land your dream job with AI powered rumé. Then we have the users icon with hover effect. Then we have the text and action buttons. So in the second button, you can see the cursor pointer is not enabled. So we will enable the cursor pointer at one place right and this navigation menu has the hover effect right you can see the color is changing then we have the trusted brands logo at the bottom so let me add the cursor effect on this button so I'll just come back and let's open index dot CSS file and in this index dot CSS file we'll add the layer. So just add at the rate layer base and in this one we'll add the button tag. So for this button let's add at apply cursor pointer. So it will apply the cursor pointer on all button tags. Right? After that just come back here. You can see here we have the cursor pointer. So we have created our hero section for our resume website. After creating this hero section, we have to create the features section. So again open the pre-builti.com and here click on this search icon and search for features. So here we have the feature sections. Just click here. So here we have the list of UI design for feature right. So in this one let me scroll down and we will choose any of this feature UI design. So here you can see the text feature section with users right so we are going to use this one for that let's just click on this code icon and after that just click on this icon to copy this code correct now I'll just come back here and uh let's open this sidebar and in this components folder we have home folder and here we'll create a new file and write the file name features.jsx. So in this features do jsx file we'll add rafce to create the complent structure and after that again copy this one. Let me just copy this statement and paste it here before this return and uh then just copy the statement from this return. Let's copy this code from this return statement and paste it here. After adding it, save the changes and then we have to mount this features component on our homepage. So just open home and here let's add features. So this features component has been mounted on homepage. After that if I open the homepage, refresh it, scroll down. So here you can see we have this feature section, right? So here we have to add some changes. So I'll just come back and open this feature.jsx scroll up and after that here we have to add a div. So instead of this fragment let's add a div right now in this one let's add the id. So in this id we'll add features so that we can scroll to this section when we click on the menu items and then we'll add some classes here. So just add the class name property and here we have to add the flex classes. So just add flex flex column item center and we have added the margin from Y and a scroll margin top 12. Now let's save the changes and come back here. So now you can see it is aligned properly and here we have the hover effect on these items. Now before this information we will add one title description and we will also add one small badge. So let's open the pre-built UI.com and here let's search for badge. Open it and let's scroll down and here we will use this design. So you can see the title info status patch. Just click on this drop-down and choose react and click on code. And from here we can copy this code. So let me just copy this one and let's come back to the VS code and here let's add a space and paste this code. So here we have added this badge. Right? So in this one we have the blue color. So just update this. I'll write green 400 / 10. Then here we have the border. So let's update the border color also. Or we can remove it. So I'll just remove this one. We will remove this border color and remove the border also. So here we have flex item center. Right. Then we have the gap text small. Then text blue 800. So let me update it. All right. Text green 600. Then we'll add the background green 400/10. Then we will add rounded full and padding X will be six and padding Y will be 1.5. After that here we have the SVG icon. Right. So let me remove this long SVG icon from here. And here simply use opening arrow zap. And let's import the zap or zap icon from Lucid React. So it has been imported. And here we have to set the width. So let's add the width 14. Save the changes. And uh after that we have to update the text also that is written in this aspan tag. So here we'll update the text. It will be simple process. Now let's save the changes and open the web browser. So here you can see this icon and the text. Simple process. Right. So we have added this badge here. After that here we have to add one small title and description. For that we have to create a separate component. So just come back and in this components folder we have home. So in this home let's create a file and write the file name title.jsx. Here we'll add r a fce to create the complent structure. And here in this one we will get the title and description from the props. So let's restructure the props. Here we have added title and description in this curly braces. And after that it will return a div. So in this div let's add the class name and provide these relevant classes. After that within this div we have to add the title first. So let's add the title in H2 tag. So let's add curly braces and provide the title from here. Then we'll duplicate it. Here we'll add the P tag. Now in this P tag we have to display our description. So just add the description. Then we have to add some classes also. So in this H2 we have added this class name property and provided these classes. Then let's add the classes in the description also. So in this description we will add the class name property and provide these classes. After adding it we can mount this title component anywhere and we have to provide the title and description as props. So let's just come back here in our feature jsx file and after this badge that is added in this div here we have to add the title component. So just add the title component. It has been imported. And in this one we have to provide the props. So let's add the title here. So the title will be build your resumeum. And after that we have to add the description and uh in this description we will provide the string. So here let's add one small description text. So we have added it here. After that let's save the changes and now let's open our web page. But before that here we have this div right. So let me update this classes in this div. Here we have item center. So after that we'll add excel minus margin top 10. That's it. Save the changes and come back here. So here you can see after this hero section we have the feature section where we have the small badge then small title description and then we have the image in the left side and the features in the right side and here we have beautiful hover effect on these features. After creating the features section now we have to create the testimonial section. For that let me just come back and here in this components we have the home right. So in this home folder create a new file and write the file name testimonial.jsx. Then we'll add rafce to create the complaint structure. After that in this one also we have to add the badge. Then we have to add the title and description. Right? So for that let me just come back to the previous file that is features.jsx. Here it is. So from this one we have to copy this div. You can see here we have a div where we have the id and these classes. Then we have this div where we have added the badge. Then we have the title component right. So let me just copy this div and paste it here in this testimonial. So here we have the div. Now in this one let's add the id. So the id will be testimonials. Then we have the same classes here. After that let me just come back here and copy this div. Using that we have created the badge. So let's just copy this and let me just copy the title component also. I'll just copy and paste it here. We have to import this title component. So let's click on this suggestion. So the title component has been imported. Right? And after that here we have a div using that we have created the badge. So in this one we have these classes right. So instead of this zap icon here we will use another icon. So let's add book user icon and it will get imported from lucid react. Then we have to add some classes here. So here we'll add the class name property and provide size then a stroke green 600 and after that we have to update the title text. So here we'll add the text called testimonials like this and after that we have the title component right so in this title component first we will provide the title so let's add the title here I'll add it in double quote after that we have to add the description so I'll just provide the description Here, here also we'll add double quote. Now it is correct. After adding it, let's mount this testimonials or testimonial component in our homepage. So just open home and here let's add testimonial component. It has been imported and save the changes. And after that we can open the web page. And here at the bottom you can see this badge testimonials. Then we have this title and description. After that, we have to display the testimonial where we will display the user's image and their review text. And to create that, let me just come back to the pre-built UUI.com. And here, let's search for testimonial. So here we have the list of testimonial UI design created using Telvin CSS. So we have multiple design here. Let me scroll down. We will use this design card with hover effect. Right? So I'll just click on this code link or button and click on this copy icon or we can manually copy it. So here first we have to create the card data. Right? Using that we will display the profile details. Right? So I'll just copy this and paste it here in our testimonial dot jsx file. Before this return statement let me paste this card data. After that let's just copy this one that is create card. So I'll just copy this one and let's paste it here before this return. After that again come back and uh here you can see we have the a style. So just copy this a style tag and uh let me just copy everything from this return statement. So I'll just copy this div and paste it here just after this div. So remove this space and paste it here. And let's wrap everything with the fragment. So I'll write this and close it here at the end. like this and after that we have to add the style tag also. You can see here we have the style tag. So I'm going to copy this and let's paste it here before this closing fragment. That's it. So after adding it, let me open the web browser. So here you can see we have the testimonial text and here we have beautiful hover effect also right after that here you can see the icon in blue color this is the verified icon or tick icon right so let me update the color of this icon I'll just come back and scroll up in this one that is create card you will find this SVG G. So in this SVG you can see fill blue 500. So let me change it and make it fill green 500. Save the changes. Now it is looking perfect. It is matching with this theme. Right. So we have created our testimonial section also. After creating this testimonial section, now we'll create the next section that is call to action. So just come back here in the VS code and let's create a new component. So in this home we'll create a new file that is call to action dot jsx. After that in this one we have to create the component. So just add rafce. So it will create the component structure. Next we have to create the UI design for this call to action. For that again we will use pre-built UI. So let's open this pre-built UI.com. And here let's search for CTA or call to action. Let's open this. And here we have the list of UI design to create the call toaction section. So in this one you can see we have this star on GitHub CTA. So I'm going to use this design. So click on this code and let's just copy this div. I'll just copy and paste it here. After that, here we have to update the color. So, I'll just find the color here. Here we have indigo, right? So, let's find everywhere indigo and we will replace it with green. So, it is replaced. And after that here, we have to add the ID. So let's add the ID CTA. That's it. Next, we have to mount this component. So let's open our homepage that is home.jsx. And here let's mount call toaction component. It has been mounted. Save the changes and open our web page. So here you can see we have this call to action section. But we don't have any space between this testimonial and call to action. So let me fix it. I will come back to this call to action. JSX file. And here in this first div, let's add margin top and provide 28. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see we have proper space between this testimonial and this call to action. After that, let me update the title text and this button text. Right? So I'll just come back here and uh here you can see we have to update the text inp tag. So I will add this text. Then we will update this button text. So in this button I'll write get started. Now let's save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have this call to action message and button get started. After that we have to create the footer of our application. So let me just come back here and create a new component. So here in this home we'll create a new file with footer.jsx. So the file name is footer.jsx. And uh in this one let's add rafce to create the component structure. Right now, let me just come back here in this pre-built UI.com and search for footer component. So, let's open the footer. And here we have the list of different footer, right? So, I'm going to use this one. You can see modern dark theme footer. So to use it, let's just click on this code button and from this drop-down, let's choose react. So here we have the code. So in this return tag, we have this style tag and then we have the footer tag. So let me just copy this style first and come back here. Let's remove the div and write fragment and paste the style tag here. Now let's add a space here. And after that just copy this footer tag. Then let's paste it here. After adding it, we have to update the content and color in this footer. But before that, let me align everything. And after that, we have to mount this footer component. So let's open our home. JSX and after this call to action let's mount the footer component and close this component. Save the changes and open the web page. So at the bottom you can see this footer in dark color. Next we have to update the content here and we'll also update the color. So let me just come back and uh open the footer. JSX file. So here we have the footer. JSX. So in this one you can see here we have the footer tag. So in this one we have to add some space from the top. So in this class name at the end we will add margin top 40 right and after that we have to update the background color. So in this one you can see we have the text gray 500 right then we have background black BG black right so in this background we have to add the gradient color so instead of BG black let's add background or bg gradient to R that is to right then we have to add the color so let's add from white So this is the first color white. After that we'll add via green 200 / 60. Then again we'll add two white. So here we have added white color in the left side. Then in the middle we have the green color and in the right side again we have the white color. After adding it, save the changes and come back here. So you can see here we have the gradient color in the background of this footer. Right? Next, let's update the logo. So I'll just come back. Here we have a div, right? And in this div, we have the a tag. And in this a tag, we have the SVG icon. So remove this SVG icon. And in this a tag let's add the img tag. In this image src let's provide / logo. SVG. Then we have to add the alt property and provide the classes for this image. So we have added the class name height and width. Now in this HDF let's add hashtag and after that save the changes. So you can see here we have this logo rum right and we have the same logo here in this navbar right. So in this column we have the menu items and we have to update the hover color and here we have the title also that is hidden because of white color. So we will update the color also. So let's just come back and uh here we have this P tag where we have added product right. So in this one the text color is slate 100. So let's make it 800. So you can see this product text is visible. After that here we have the menu items. So in this one we have to update the hover color. So let's change it. Instead of this indigo, let's make it green. Text green 600. Correct? Now let's come here. Here also we'll make slate 800. And the color will be text green 600. Now just come back here. And you can see this menu items is looking good with this hover effect. And here we have this we are hiding badge. It is also in the green background. It is looking good. And let's update this privacy and terms. So just come back. And uh in this one let's update the color. And here we'll update this slate 800. It is also fine. Right? And uh after that here we have the last div right. So in this one we have this text you can keep it or update this text as you want. And after that here we have the div where we have added different icons and on this icon we have added the link also using this HDF. Right? So here we have different icons and link. So we will not change it. Let's just come back. So you can see here we have this last div with this text and these icons. Right here we have the blue color when we hover on these icons. So we will update this color and we will also update the copyright message displayed here. So let's just come back and uh after that in this first icon you can see we have the hover. So in this hover we'll make text green 500. In the second one also let's add text green 500 here also. And uh after that here we have the copyright message. So in this message let's add copyright 2025 resumeum a builder. Let me remove this closing a tag. So here we have the P tag only. Right. And after that we have also updated the hover color on these icons and here we can update the URL like you can add your own YouTube link here. Here you can add your X profile link. Then you can add the LinkedIn profile link here. And here you can add the DL profile link. It also will update the green color. Now save the changes and open the web page. So you can see here we have hover color green, right? And here we have the copyright text and this is the small message. Right? So we have completed the footer also. So till now we have completed the homepage of our rumé builder application. After completing the homepage, next we will create the login page. Right? Now if I open this URL with / login, it is opening this page. You can see the title login page. Right. So here we have to display the sign in and sign up form. So to create it, let's open the pre-built UI.com. And let's search for login form. And here we have the list of UI design to create the sign-in signup form using Telvin CSS. So let me scroll down and I'm going to use this UI design modern login signup form with icons right to use it let's click on this code and before using it let me again come back to the preview so in this preview you can see here we have this link click here right now it is the login form where you can enter the email id and password and if I click here it will display sign up form where It is asking for the name, email and password. If I click here, it will change to login and it is also changing the input field. So we are going to use this UI design. So click on this code and after that we have to copy the code from here. So let me just come back to the VS code and in this left sidebar we have already created the pages and here we have login.jsx. Let's open this login dot jsx and in this one we will paste this code from this return a statement. So let me just copy this and come here and paste it here within this div. Now in this div we have to add some Telvin classes. So we will add the class name property and in this one let's add flex classes. So just add flex then flex items justify center main height will be screen and background gray 50. Save the changes. After that here we have to add some handler function that will handle the form submit and it will also handle the changes in the input field. Right? And here you can see we have the SVG icon. So we will replace this and we will use the icon from Lucid React. So let me just come back here and I'll just copy the code before this return a statement. Let's copy and paste it here. Before this return a statement. So here we have one state variable called form data and the setter function is set form data. In this one it will store the name, email and password. Then we have the form handler function that is handle submit. After that here we have the handle change function that will get executed when we change any data in the input field. So here you can see we have the title. So it could be login or sign up based on the state. Here we have added the state login. Right? If we change the state to sign up then it will display the title called sign up. After that you can see we have the text here that is please sign in to continue. So let me change this one also. So here let me remove this sign in and add curly braces. And after that in this one we will provide this a state. So it will display please login to continue or please sign up to continue. After that here we have the SVG icon. So let's remove this icon. And here let's add opening arrow and we will provide the icon from Lucid React. So let's type user to icon. Click here. So it will get imported from leucid react. And after that in this one we have to set the size. So I'll provide the size 16. Then we will provide the color for this icon. So let's add the color property and provide this color code. After that let me just come to the next div which is the next input field. So here let's remove the SVG icon. And in this one we have to add another icon. So let's add opening arrow and provide mail. So we will import this mail icon and then we will provide the size 13 and then provide the color property like this. After that just come here in the next input field and remove the SVG. And here also we will add our own icon. So let's add lock icon from Lucid React and close this tag. In this one also we will add the size 13 and color code. That's it. So you can see these icons are imported from Lucid React. And after that let me open the web page. So I'll just come back here and you can see on this login path here we have the login form where you can see the message please login to continue. Then we have the input field to enter the email id with icon. Then we have the input field for the password. And then we have this forget password link. And after that we have the login button. And if I click on this link, click here with the message don't have an account. So let's just click here. So it will open this sign up form and you can see the text please register to continue. Then we have the input field like name, email, password and the button text is sign up. So we have created this login form. Now in this form we will add one more information. We will get the state from the URL parameter. We will get the state like sign in or sign up. Right? So let me just come back here, scroll up and uh here let's provide const query equal to new URL search params and in this one we have to provide window dot location dot search that's it and after that from this query we have to get the value of a state so let me write con URL state equal to query dot get and here let's provide a state so if we provide the state and value in the URL parameter we will get it here and after that we have to provide this data in this state that is a state variable right so here let's add or odd operator and before this o operator we will provide this URL state so it will initialize the state variable with this value that's it now save the changes now if I open the login form and in this URL if I type question mark state equal to login. So it is displaying the login form, right? And if I change it, I will type sign up. So it should change the state here. It's not working. So let me just come back and fix it. Here in this line we have added query. So let me update it. It will be a state. That's it. Now save the changes and come back here. Let me refresh this web page. So now you can see the form. It is signup form where we have the name, email and password. And in this URL if I change the estate like login. So it will display the login form. It is working fine. So we have created the login form for our application but we have to replace the color also that will match with our theme right. So let me just come back and uh in this one you can see which color is added. So let's just come to this button. So in this button you can see the color name is indigo 500. Right? So let me replace the color. So I'll find this color indigo and replace it with green. So it will replace all places. Now save the changes and come back here. So now this form is matching with our theme. After completing this login page, next we have to create the dashboard where user can upload their réumé or user can create their réumé. So let me open this path / app. So here you can see we have the layout page and then we have the dashboard page. So first we have to complete the layout. In the layout we will add the navigation bar that will be displayed in all pages of the admin panel or user panel. So let me just come back and uh here we have to create one navigation bar for the dashboard. So let's open this sidebar. And here you can see we have the components folder. Right? Now in this components folder let's create a file. So we will create a file called navbar.jsx. So this navbar is added in this components under this home directory. Right? So we have to move this navbar in this components directory. So let's drag it here. Click move. So now you can see in this components we have the home right and in this home we have multiple components. So just collapse this home and after that you can see here we have navbar.jsx file under this components. So now in this navbar dot jsx let's add rafce to create the component structure. Right. And after that here we have to display the user's name. Right? So before this return a statement let me write const user we will create the user data. So user will be one object where we will add the name and the name is any dummy username. After that here we have to create the layout. So in this div let me add the classes. So first we'll add the class name property and provide this Telvin class and after that here we have to add the nav tag. Now in this nav tag we will add some Telvin classes. So let's provide the class name property and provide these classes. Then we will add the link tag where we will add our logo so that when we click on the logo we can navigate to other pages. So let's add opening arrow link and import the link from react router DOM. It has been imported. After that let's add the closing link tag. Now within this link tag we have to add the image. So we will add the img tag and in this image src simply add / logo. SVG. So this logo is available in the public folder. So we can directly use it. After that here we have to add the alt tag and we'll add the width and height for this logo. After that in this logo we will add the two property so that we can navigate to other path. So here we will add the path slash. So it will open the homepage. Now after that we have to add the user's name and log out button in the right side. So let's add a div here. Now in this div we'll add the P tag where we have to display the user's name. So simply add hi and after that we'll add curly braces and in this one let's provide the user and then we'll add question mark dot name. After that here we have to add a button also. So we will add the button here. And in this button we'll add the text called log out. So this is the logout button. Next for this button we have to add some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. After that in this button we have to add the functionality so that user can log out. For that we'll add the onclick property. And in this onclick property we will add a function. So let's add the function name here. log out user and then we have to create this function before this return a statement. So let's add con log out user equal to add a function and in this one let's add navigate and let's import the navigate from react router DOM or we can write it here. So I'll write const navigate equal to use navigate and import the use navigate from react router DOM and then let's use the navigate here and provide the path slash. So after log out user will come to homepage. After that let's add the CSS properties for this div that is displayed in the right side. So we'll add the class name property here and provide these telin classes for this div. Then we have the P tag. So in this P tag we'll add this class name. So after adding the classes in this P tag let's save the changes and open our web page. But before that we have to mount this navbar. So let me open the sidebar. And in this one you can see we have the layout.jsx JSX file. So in this layout dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot dot jsx we have to mount our navbar. So we will mount it before this outlet. So let's add opening arrow navbar imported from the components. So it has been imported and added here. Right now let me remove this title from here that is layout page. And after that in this div we will add some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide minimum height screen and background gray 50. That's it. After adding it, let's open the web page. And here you can see when we open this path / app, here we have the logo and user's name and log out button. So we have the navigation bar for the dashboard. Next, we have to create the component in our dashboard page. Right? For that let's just come back to the VS code and uh here we will open dashboard.jsx file. So in this one here we have a div right. So let me remove the title from this div and in this one we will add another div and then let's add the classes here. So here let me provide the class name property and provide these classes. After that here we have to add the text that will be user's name. So we'll add the P tag and after that here we'll add any username. So we have added a field name that will be changed later when we will connect with back end. So now in this P tag we'll add some classes. So in this P tag we'll add the class name property and provide these TBIN classes. Right? So in this div we have added one text that is the user's name. After that let's add another div here and in this div we have to add two buttons right. So let's group both button using the flex layout. So we'll add the class name here and provide flex and gap. Now in this one let's add our first button right and in this button we have to add one icon and we'll add the text. So let's add plus icon imported from Lucid React. Now in this icon we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes for this plus icon button. After that we have to add the text inp tag and in this one we'll add the text called create réumé. Then we have to add the classes for this text also. So we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. Then we have to add the classes in this button tag. So in this button tag we'll add the class name property and uh here let me add these TIN classes for the button. So you can see we have the first button where we have added the icon and text right and after that let's add one more button. So I'll just duplicate it and in this one we will update the icon. So here let's add upload cloud icon. So here we have upload cloud icon imported from Lucid React and then we have the same classes for this icon and then we have the text np tag. So in this text let's add the text called upload existing so that user can upload the existing rumé. Now in this second button we have to change the color. So right now you can see the color code indigo. So let me update it. Here we will add the purple color. So in this button you can see we have the border. So let's add border purple 500. After that here we have the upload icon. So in this upload icon let me update the gradient color. So here we will add from purple 300 to purple 500. Just save the changes and open the web page. But here also we have to update the color. You can see here we have the text color right? So it will be purple 600. Save the changes and let's open the web page. So here you can see we have two buttons create résumé and upload réumé. After that we have to add one horizontal line and below that we will display the list of existing rum that user has already created. So I'll just come back here and let's scroll up. You can see in this div we have two buttons. So let's collapse this div right now after closing of this div that contains two buttons here we have to add the line. So let's add the HR tag. Now in this HR tag we have to add some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. Save the changes and open the web page. So here you can see we have a horizontal line. After that we have to display the list of réumé that user has already created. Right? So first we have to get the rumé data from the assets. So I'll just come back and if I open our sidebar and in this sidebar we have the assets folder. So in this assets folder you can see here we have assets.js JS file and in this one you can see we have dummy rumé data. So we are going to use this dummy rumé data so that we can display the created rumé on web page and we will replace this dummy rumé data whenever we will create the back end. Right? So I'll just come back here in our dashboard.jsx JSX file scroll up and in this file before this return a statement we have to create one state so I'll write con so the state name will be all rums and then we'll add setter function set all rums and after that let's add use a state and initialize it using empty edit So we have created one state and after that in this state we have to add the data. For that we will create a function. So we'll add const and then write the function name load all rums equal to async add function. Now in this function let's use the set function set all rums and here just provide the dummy data. So you can see we are getting the suggestion. Just click here. So this dummy rumé data has been imported from the asset file. After that we have to execute this function whenever the component gets loaded. For that let's add the use effect. Import the use effect from React. And after that here we have to add the arrow function. And then we'll add the dependency array. So it will be empty array. So this function will get executed whenever the component gets loaded. And after that just call this load all réumé function that will add the data in this state. So now we have the réumé data and we can display it after the horizontal line. So scroll down here we have the horizontal line. So after that we will add a div. Now in this div we have to display the data in grid layout. So we'll add the class name and provide grid classes like grid grid columns to small flex flex wrap and gap 4. After that let's map our data. So we'll add curly braces and use the all resumeum is state. Then we'll add the map method because it is an array. After that in this map we will add the function and uh in this function we have to get the base color right and we'll add different color for different uh rum list. So first we have to define the color array. So I'll just scroll up and here let me add con colors and it will be one array and in this array let me add multiple color code. So we will use different colors for different rum items or list. After that let's come here and in this one let's add const base color equal to our colors array and then we'll add the index and we will get this index from this parameter. So in this parameter we'll get the individual rumé and index. So let's add this index here and in this one let's add percent colors dotlength. So here we'll get the base color and after that just add the return statement and in this return statement we'll add the parenthesis and here we will return a button. So let's add the button tag. Now in this button tag first we have to add the key property. So the key will be this index and after that here we have to add the class name. So let's add the class name here. So in this class name property we have to add the TIN classes. So here I'll provide these TIN classes. After that here we have to add some other style property. So we'll use the a style tag. Now in this style tag we'll again add the curly braces and then we will add the background property. Now in this background we'll add back tick and provide linear gradient 135° and here we'll add the base color 10. And after that we'll add the comma here and then write base color 40. Then we'll add the comma after closing this parenthesis and add the comma. And uh here we have to add the border color. So let's add the border color. And uh after that just move this border color outside of this back text and this comma will be outside of this back text like this. Now here we will add border color and it will be base color plus 40. So here we have added the classes in this button. After that in this button we need to add the icon. For that let's add file pin line icon. So this icon is imported from the Lucid React. And in this icon we have to add the class name. So we'll add the class name and provide these TBIN classes. And then we'll add another style property. So in this style property we have added color and it will be base color. After that we have to add the text. So we will add the P tag. And in this one we'll add the text that will be rumé title. So just add curly braces réumé dot title. Now here we have to add the class name property and uh provide these classes and then again we'll add additional class name. So we'll add a style property and provide color base color. So here we have added the icon and resume a title. After that we have to add another P tag. So again we'll add the P tag here and in this one let's add the text that is updated on and after that we'll add curly braces provide new date and just add the rum dot updated at property. So in the rum data we will get this property and after that here we have to add to local date a string and call this function. Now we have to add the classes for this date. So just add the class name property and provide these classes and then again the style property. So in this style property let me provide color base color plus 90. After that let's save the changes and then we have to add one div. So after this P tag let's add a div. And in this div we have to add the delete icon or remove icon. And we'll also add the edit icon so that we can either delete the réumé or we can edit the réumé and it will be displayed in the top right side of that card. So here let's add the class name property and provide these classes and then we have to add the icon. So let's add opening arrow trash icon imported from Lucid React and in this trash icon we have to add the Telvin classes. So just add the class name property and provide these TIN classes. So this is the delete icon or trash icon. After that we have to add the edit icon to edit the rumé. So let's add opening add pencil icon import the icon and then we have to add the classes for this icon. So here we have added these TIN classes. Right after adding it let's save the changes and we will open the web page. So here you can see we have different color in these available réumé and here we have the action buttons or icon when we hover on anyone we have the delete icon and edit icon right and we have the icon here that is file with pin then we have the rum title and then we have the updated date correct next we have to add the click functionality on this réumé and we'll also add the click functionality on these buttons that is create résumé and upload existing réumé. So first we will start with this button create réumé. So when we will click here it will open a popup or model window where we can enter the rumé title and after that it will go to réumé builder page. So to create that popup, let me just come back to the VS code and scroll up and here we will create one a state that will either close or display that popup. So let me just duplicate this state and here we'll add the state name. So the state name is so create réumé and the setter function name is set. So create réumé and let's initialize it with boolean data false so that this pop-up will be hidden. After that let me duplicate it and here we will add another state that is so upload rum and the setter function name is set so upload rumé. It is also initialized with false. So we will open this popup when we will click on this second button upload existing rumé. Right. So now let me just come back here scroll down and uh here we have the div where we have added the available rumé. So let me collapse it and after that here let's add some space and here I'm going to add another div using that we can create a model window or popup. So first we have to check the state here. So let's add curly braces and we'll write so create rum then and operator. So whenever it is true then only we have to display that element. So here we'll add one form tag. So just add the form tag here. Now in this form tag let's add the classes. So we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. After that in this one we have to add a div. So we'll add a div here. And uh in this div let me add the title in H2 tag. So the title is create a resume right and after this title we have to add the input field. So this input field will accept the réumé title. So let's add input. The input type will be text and after that we will add the placeholder text. So in this placeholder let's type enter zoomate title and after that here we have to add some classes. So let me provide the class name property and provide these telein classes and write required true. So this title will be required to create a new rumé. After that here we have to add one button also. So let's add the button tag and uh in this button we have to add the text called create rum. So we'll add this create réumé and in this button we will provide some classes. So we have to add these TIN classes. After this button we have to add the icon also that will close this popup. So let's add opening arrow X icon. import it from the lucid react and after that in this one we'll add the class name property and provide some TIN classes to design this icon and after that here in this icon we'll add the onclick property. So just add the on click property. In this on click property we have to add one add function. And after that here in this arrow function we will call the setter function set. So create rum and let's make it false. So it will be hidden and after that let's add the comma and use the another function where we will clear the title that we have added in the input field. So whenever we will add anything in this input field we have to store that data right for that we have to create one state. So let's come here, duplicate this line and here we will add the state name called title and the setter function name is set title and let's initialize it using empty string right and after that let me duplicate it here we'll add the another state that is rum and the setter function name is set rum and let's initialize it using null. So we will store the rumé that we will upload in this estate. After that we'll add one more estate here. So just duplicate it. And here we'll add the edit rumé id. And then we'll add setter function set edit rum id. And after that here we have to initialize it using empty string. So using this state we can edit the title of the rum. So now let's use this setter function set title. So I'll just come here. Here we will add the setter function set title and provide empty string. So it will clear the data that we have entered in the input field. After closing this popup or model window. Now let me add the classes in this S2 tag. So in this S2 tag we'll add the class name property and provide text excel and font bold and margin from the bottom. After that here we have to add the onclick property in this div right and in this div we have to add some classes also. So first we'll add the class name property and let's provide these classes and in this div let's add the on click and in this onclick property let's use the event and create the add a function. Then we'll add event dot a stop propagation and call this function. That's it. And after that let's come here in this form tag. Now in this form tag we have to add the onsubmit. So we have added onsubmit property and here we will add a function that we have to create. So let's provide a function name create réumé and then we'll create this function also right and uh with that here we'll add the onclick property also. So just add the onclick property and in this one we'll add the add function and then we'll add the setter function set. So create réumé and let's make it false. So it will hide this model window when we will click anywhere else except this div. So in this div we have added the title input field and button. And when we will click outside of this div it will hide this popup using this setter function. And here we have added this create réumé function. So let's create this function also. So I'll just come here and uh before this use effect let's add const create réumé and here let's add the asynchronous add a function and in this function parameter we will get the event and after that here let's add the event dot prevent default so it will prevent the web page from reloading and after that let's use the setter function set so create réumé and let's make it false because after submitting the form we have to hide this popup right and after that we have to navigate the users on builder page so that after providing the rumé title we can build the réumé so here we have to use the navigate function right so first we have to import it so let's come here and we will write const equal to use navigate. So let me type use navigate and call this function and we have to import it. So let's come here and we will type import curly braces use navigate and uh get it from the react router DOM. That's it. Now let's use this navigate function in this create réumé. And here we have to provide the path for redirect. So let's add the back tick. Then we will add / app then / builder then slash and here let me add any dummy id. So let me add rum 1 2 3 like this. So it will open this path where we can build a rumé right and after that we have to open this popup whenever we will click on the first button. So in this div we have added two buttons right so let's come here in the first button. So in this first button we have to add the on click property. So here let's add on click and provide the add function and in this add function we are going to call the setter function set so create réumé and let's make it true. So it will open that model. That's it. Now save the changes and let's open the web page. And now we will click on this first button that is create réumé. So you can see it is opening this popup or model window. And here we can enter the réumé title. You can see here we have the text enter rumé title. If I click here it is displaying this highlighted color. So we have to hide it. So I'll just come back and uh let me just open our index dot CSS file. Now in this index dot CSS file we have to add the CSS properties that will be applied for all the input fields available on this web page. So we'll add input colon not and in this one let's add the type. So the type is checkbox. So it will be applicable for all the input except checkbox. And in this one let's add apply and provide the TIN classes like outline none focus then ring blue then border blue and rounded large. After that we will add the properties for the text area also. So let's add the text area. And uh in this one also we will add apply and provide the tailwind classes like this. Now save the changes and come back here. If I click on this first button you can see here we have this input field. Right now it is looking good. Now in this one we can enter the réumé title and we can click on this button. If I click on this cross icon it will close this window. Let's click on this first button again. And if I click on this cross button or anywhere else in this dark area then it will close it. And if I add any title like so we have added one rumé title and click on this button create rum. You can see it will open the builder page. You can see here we are on this rumé builder page. You can see the text also rumé builder page. So it is working fine. Now let me just come back to the previous page that is dashboard page. And next we'll add the functionality in this second button that is upload existing réumé. Correct. So I'll just come back here in this VS code and open our dashboard. JSX file. Correct. And uh after that let me collapse this div. Then we have this form tag that will display the create resume popup. So let's collapse this one also. And uh after that here before this closing div we have to create another popup right. So again we'll add curly braces and in this one we will provide so upload rum and and operators. So whenever it is true then only we have to display the popup or model window. So just add the parenthesis and here we will add the form tag. So in this one, let me just copy the form tag from the previous popup. So here we have the form tag. Let me just copy it and uh paste it in this one. And here we will update the data. So here let me replace this create rumé and here we will add the function upload rum. We have to create this function. After that here we will update the setter function. So let's add set so upload réumé and make it false. After that here we have the text. So let's update the text here that is upload rum. And after that here we have the input field where you can enter the title. Right? And in this one we have to add the onchange property also. So here let's add onchange and in this onchange property let's add the add function with event in the parameter and here let's add the setter function set title and after that just add e dot target dot value and then we have to add the value property. So we will add the value here and it will be title state. Let me add the same thing in the previous one. So I'll just copy it and come here in this. So create réumé and here also we will add the same on change and value. Now let's come here in the upload rumé popup. And in this one you can see we have added the input field right and after that we have this button. So in this button we have to update the text. So the text will be upload rum right and after that here we have the cross icon and in this cross icon let me update this on click property. So in this on click let's use set so upload réumé and make it false. So it will hide this popup. So here we have the button and here we have the input field. Right? So between this button and input field we have to add a div where we have to display the upload icon and text. Right? So here let's add a div within this input field and button. So in this div we will add the label tag. Now in this label tag we have the HTML for property. So just add rum input and after that here we have to add some classes also. So just add the class name property and provide these classes. Now within this label tag we will add the text called select resume a file right and after that here we will add a div. Now in this div we will add some classes. So just add the class name property and provide these classes. Now within this div we have to display the uploaded rumé name if the réumé is uploaded and if it is not uploaded then we will display the upload icon and text. So let's add curly braces and provide réumé question mark. So if it is available then we'll add this parenthesis and here we'll add the P tag. Now in this P tag we will add curly braces. this rumé dot name and after that here we have to add the classes. So just add the class name property and text green 700. Now suppose this réumé is not uploaded. So in that case we'll add colon and here again add this parenthesis and here we will add the fragment. Now in this fragment we have to add the upload icon. So just add opening arrow upload cloud and uh import it from leage react and in this one we have to add the class name property. So provide these classes. Then we have to add the text called upload rumé. So we will add this text in P tag like this. Now save the changes. So here we have added this popup using that we can upload the existing rumé. Next you can see here we have added upload rumé function name. So let's create this function. So I'll just come here and uh before this use effect we will add const function name upload resume equal to async add function and after that here we will get the event. So let's add the event in this parameter. After that we will add the same thing. So let me just copy and paste it here. Here we'll add event dot prevent default. After that we will use this set. So upload réumé and make it false. And after that we have to navigate the users on app/uer/ any rumé id. That's it. After adding it, we have to add the on click property on the second button. So here you can see we have a div. So in this first one, we have added the on click. Now in this second one, we will add on click property. Now in this onclick property, we have to add the adder function like this. And after that here we have to call the setter function set so upload réumé and let's make it true. So it will display that popup. After adding it save the changes and open the web page. So now if I click on the second button upload existing you can see it is opening this popup. Here you can see the text upload rum. Then we have the input field to enter the rumé title. And here we have the text select rum file. Then we have upload rumé area. Then we have this button upload rum. So here let me add any title. Then we will choose any existing réumé file. So if I click here, it is not working because we have not added the file input. So I'll just come back here and uh let's come here where we have created the popup. So it is here. So in this one after this closing label tag, let's add the input and in this input we will add the type. So the type will be file so that we can upload a file. And after that here we have to add the id and in this id let's add the same text that is rumé input. Just copy and paste it here. And after that here we have to add the accept property. So we will accept the PDF file. So just add dot PDF. Correct? So here we have added the accept file that is PDF. Right? And after that here we'll add the hidden property so that it will be hidden and when we'll click on the label tag that will open the window to upload any PDF file and after that here we have to add the onchange property. So let's add onchange and in this one let's add the add a function with the event in the parameter. Now here we'll use the setter function setum and then we'll add the e dot target dot files and uh let's add index zero. So it will add this file in this estate that is it is zoom estate. After adding it save the changes and let's open the web page. Now if I click on this upload icon then it will open a window to upload a PDF file. So let me just click on this icon and upload any rumé. So we have selected one PDF file and click on open button. So you can see the file name here smith rum.pdf PDF and if I click on this upload réumé then it will open the builder page so that we can upload this rumé and edit in this rumé builder. It is working fine. So now let me just come back to the dashboard. So we have added the onclick property on this create rumé and upload existing. After that we have to navigate the users on rumé page when we click on these réumé list. For that let me just come back to the VS code. Scroll down and uh here you can see we have the grid layout. So in this one we have displayed the list of available réumé that user has created from this app. Right? So in this one we have to add the onclick property. So here we have the button. Right? So in this button let's add space on click and in this on click let's add the add a function and then we'll add the navigate function and in this navigate we have to provide the path. So just add the back tick slash app/ builder slash and then we'll add dollar sign curly braces and provide the rumé id. So let's add rum dot ID. You can see we are getting the individual réumé data here and in this one we'll get the underscore ID property. That's it. So it will open this page after adding it. If I open the web page and click on this first one, it is opening this page. You can see the URL/ app/uilder and this is the réumé ID. Right? Now again come back here. Next we have to add the onclick property on this edit icon so that it will open the window where we can edit the réumé title. Right. So, let me just come back and uh here you can see we have the first popup, right? So, let me just copy everything from here. Just copy this first popup and paste it after this one. And in this one, let me update the state. So, here we'll add edit rum ID. So if it is true right and after that here we have the onsummit. So in this onsummit we will add edit title then we will use this setter function here set edit rumé id and make it false right and after that here we have the title. So in this title we'll add edit rum title in this s2 tag. After that here you can see we have the button and in this button we'll add the text called update. That's it. And after that here we have to update the setter function. So let's add the setter function called set edit rumé id. And in this one just provide empty string. After that, let me update this setter function also. Set edit rumi id. And here also we'll add empty string. That's it. So you can see here we have added edit title. So let me create this function that is edit title. So I'll just scroll up and uh here we will add const edit title equal to async arrow function. And in this one we'll get the event. And after that just copy and paste it here. Event dotprevent default. That's it. And after that we have to open that popup whenever we will click on the pencil icon. So just scroll down. Here you can see we have the resumeumé list. All réumés are there right and in this one you can see we have the pencil icon right so in this pencil icon we have to add the on click property so that we can open the edit window. So here let's add on click property and here let's add the add function. Now in this one let's add curly braces and provide the setup function set edit rumé id and here we have to provide the rumé id. So let's add the rumé dot id and after that here we'll add colon and provide the set title and in this set title let's add the rum dot title that's it after adding it let me just come back here and now let me click on this pencil icon so if I click here it should open that window but it is opening this URL let me just come back click here it is opening this page so I'll just come back to the VS code and uh here we have trash icon and pencil icon and it is added inside this div so in this div on click property and uh here let's add the add a function with the event in the parameter. And after that just add E dot a stop propagation. Save the changes. And now again try this. Let's click on this pencil icon. So you can see it is opening this window. And here we have the previous rumé title. And here we can add a new title, right? We can delete it and write the new title and click on this update button to update the rumé title. And if I click on this cross icon, it will hide it. If I click on anywhere else, still it will hide it. Right? Next, we have to add the functionality for this delete icon. Right? So for that, we have to create a function. So I'll just come back and scroll up. Here we'll create a new function. So let me just duplicate it. And here we'll add the function name delete réumé. It will be async arrow function. And in the parameter we have to get the rumé id. So that we can delete that. After that here we have to add one confirmation window. So just add const confirm equal to window dot confirm. And here we have to add the text. So let's add are you sure you want to delete this rumé. Now let's add the if condition. So we'll add if confirm is true. Right? So in that case we will use the setter function set all resumeumage and here let's add the arrow function with the previous data in the parameter and then we'll add the previous dot filter and after that let's add the individual réumé and create the arrow function and then we'll add rum dot ID not equal to réumé id that we are getting from the parameter. So it will remove that réumé id. Right. Next we have to link this function. So just copy this function delete rum and we will open the div. So here we have a div where we have the trash icon. So in this trash icon simply add on click property. And in this onclick property let's add the arrow function and call the delete resume function and provide resume id. That's it. Now save the changes and come back here. And if I click here, it is asking are you sure you want to delete this rumé. So just click okay. So you can see that réumé has been deleted. So we have added the functionality for the dashboard page. After creating the dashboard, next we have to create the réumé builder page. So if I click on this rumé card, it will open this rumé builder page where it will display the detail of existing rumé. And if I come back and click on this create réumé and enter any title and click on this create réumé. So it will open this page to build this réumé. Now to complete this page, let me just come back to the VS code. And here if I open the sidebar and come to pages. In this pages, you can see we have réumé builder. JSX file. And here we have added this text rum builder page. So remove this text. Now in this one we have to create one state where we will store the réumé data. So let's add one state here. So I'll write con resume data and the setter function name is set resume data equal to use a state and let's add the initial value. So just add one object and in this one we'll add underscore id property and it will be empty string. After that let's add the next property that is title. It is also empty string. Then we have to add the professional info. It will be one object. And uh after that we have to add professional summary. It will be empty string. Then we have to add the experience. So this experience will be one array. After that we will add the education property. It will be array. Then we'll add the project property. It will be array. And after that we'll add a skills. A skills will be array. Then we'll add the template. So by default we'll add the classic template. After that we have to add the ascent color. So here we'll add this color code. And then we will add one more property that is public. So it will be false. So by default the réumé will be private. So here we have created the rum data state. And after that suppose we have any réumé available and we have the rumé id in the URL we will load the existing data. So here we will create a function. So just add con load existing rum equal to and create the async arrow function. Right now in this function we will get the rumé data from the rumé id and we will get the rumé ID from the URL parameter. So here let's add con curly braces réumé id equal to use padams and let's import the use padams from react router dom. Now we have the rumi ID. So let's come here in this function and here we'll add con réumé equal to let's use the dummy rumé data available in the asset. Then we'll add dot find method and then we'll add the individual rum and create the add function. Here we'll add rum dot id equal to rumé id. So if it is available then we'll get the rum data here. Right? And after that let's add the if statement. So if we have the réumé then what we will do we will use the setter function set rum data and here let's add the data from this rum. After that we will also update the browser title. So let's add document dot title equal to rum do.title like this. Next we have to execute this function whenever the component gets loaded. So here we will add the use effect. In this use effect we will create the add function and add the dependency array. Now in this function simply call load existing rumé. So whenever the component gets loaded it will execute this function and if the ID is available in the URL then we will add the rum data in this rumé data state right and after that let's come here in this return div. So in this div first we have to add a back icon or back button. So in this div let's add another div and here we have to add the link tag. So let's add the link tag. We have to import the link from the react router DOM. So let me just add it here. And let's come here and here we'll add link. So we have imported the link and use patterns from react router DOM. After that just come here. Now in this link tag we have to add the two property. So just add two and in this one just add the path. It will be / app. So when we will click on the back button it will open the dashboard page. Right now in this one we have to add the back icon. So let's add the opening arrow. Then we'll add arrow left icon. Import it from lucid react. Now for this icon we have to provide the class name size 4. Then we have to add the text also. So let me add the text called back to dashboard. After that here we will add the classes. So let's add the class name property in this div. So we have added these classes. And next we'll add the classes in the link tag. So here in this link tag we'll add the class name property and provide these TIN classes. After adding it save the changes and let's open the web page. So here you can see we have this back arrow icon and text back to dashboard. If I click here it will open this dashboard. If I click on this button it will open this resumeum builder page. Right after that here we have to create the columns. In the left column we will display the input fields to add the réumé data and in the right side we will display the preview of our rumé. So let me just come back and after closing off this div here, let's add a div. In this one, let me add the class name property. So we have added this class name here. And after that, in this one, we'll add another div where we will add the grid layout. So let me provide the class name property again and provide grid. And for large and above a screen we have added grid columns 12 then gap 8. After that here we have to add the div for the left side and right side correct. So first we'll add the comment here. So let me add the comment called left panel that will be a form right in the left side we will add multiple forms. So here we'll add a div. After that here we'll add comment. So the command is right panel and it will be preview of our réumé. So let's add the div here for the right side. So we have added two columns left and right. So in the left side we have to display the different section to add the rumé data like personal data, summary, experience, education, projects and skills. So we will create one data here. So let's come here before this return a statement and here let me write const sections and it will be one array. Now in this array we will add multiple object. So in the first object we will add the section ID. So the ID is personal and the name is personal info. And after that we have the icon. So in this one we have to add the user icon. So let me import the user icon from leucid react. Just click here. So you can see the user has been imported from Lucid React. Right? And after that just come here and duplicate this line. Then in the second one we will add the section ID summary. Then the section name will be summary. And after that we have to add the icon here. So let's add the icon that is file text. Import it from lucid react. Now we'll again add one more section. So let's add ID experience and the name is experience. And we have the icon and import the icon here briefcase. After that, let me add another section that will be education. The name is education and icon is graduation cap imported from Lucid React. Next, we'll add the projects section. So, the ID is projects, name is projects, and the icon is folder icon. After that, let's add the skills section. So here we have added id skills name skills and then we have the sparkles icon imported from leucid react. So here we have added the sections and after that we have to check the active sections right and we have to set the index. So here first we'll create the a state for that. So here let me add the state con active session index and the setter function name is set active session index equal to use a state and initialize it with zero. So it will initialize the index with zero. After that, let me add one more state here that will be used in this page that is remove background and the setter function set remove background and initialize it using false. So after creating this state here we have to create one variable where we will store the active section info. So let me create one variable here const active section equal to let's use the sections array and here provide the index. So let me just copy this index and paste it here. So here we'll get the complete information of the active section like this object that is personal ID then name is personal info and icon. So now we have the detail of the active section and according to this active section we have to display the input forms. So let's come here in this left sidebar or left panel and here we have created one div right. So first we'll add some classes in this div. So we'll add the class name property and provide these television classes and after that we'll add another div and uh in this one also we'll add some classes. So let's add class name property and provide these classes. After that here we have to create the progress bar. So let me add the comment first. I'll add the comment progress bar using active section index. So let's add the HR tag and in this HR tag we have to add the classes so that we can set the background color of this progress bar. So we have added the border gray 200 right and after that again add another HR tag and in this one let me add the class name property and provide these classes. So here we have added the green color right. Then we have to set the width of this HR according to the active index. So here we'll add the style property. So let's add the style property curly braces and provide the width. Now in this width let's add back text dollar sign curly braces and provide the active section index. Here we have this. Just copy and paste it here. And in this one, let's add multiplied by 100. And then slash let's add parenthesis sections.length minus one. And then we'll add percent. And uh we have added the width here. Let me correct it. Here we have to add the dollar symbol. Now it is correct. So we have provided the width. So it will add the progress bar. If I open the web page here you can see we have the gray color of line right and we don't have any green line because the index is zero. Correct? Now after that we have to create the buttons using that we can navigate to different section using the next and back button. So let me just come back and uh after this HR tag here let me add the comment section navigation and create a div. Now in this div we have to add some classes. So let's add the class name property here and provide these TIN classes. Right now after that here we have to add two columns. In the left side we will add the buttons. Using that we can change the template and we can change the color. Right? And in the right side we will add the navigation buttons. So let's add div. Here we have added two div for the left and right side. Now in the right side let me add the classes. So just add flex and uh item center. Now here let's add curly braces active section index not equal to zero. So if it is true then we have to display the previous button right. So in this parenthesis we'll add the button tag. Now in this button tag we have to add some classes. So let me add the class name property and provide these classes. Right. And after that here we'll add text. And with the text we'll add the icon also. So let me add the icon. So we have added this icon from Lucid React. And after that for this icon we have to set the size using this class name. And then we'll add the text here. So let's add this text previous. Now here we'll add disabled property for this button. So just add disabled equal to curly braces and then we'll add the active section index equal to zero. So when the index is zero then it will be disabled right and after that here we have to add the on click property also. So let me add on click and then we'll add the add function. So what will happen here when we click on this previous button it will decrease the index. So let's use the setter function set active index and in this one we'll add the add a function and provide the previous index as parameter and after that let's add math dot max and in this one let's use the previous index minus 1 then we'll add comma zero That's it. So here we have added the previous button and after that we have to add the next button. So after this curly braces here we have to add a button. Right? So again we'll copy this button here. Now in this one we have to use the on click property and in this one let's add the previous index + one. And after that here we have to add min. Instead of this max we will add min. And then here we have to add the sections dotlength minus 1. We have updated this on click property and after that here we have the classes. So let me update the classes also. Right. So in this one let me add the back tick. So first we have to add the curly braces then we will add the back ticks here. Now in this one we will add these TIN classes and after that we'll add dollar sign curly braces and in this one we will use this index and we will check the index if it is equal to sections dot length minus 1 and if it is true then we'll add the opacity. So let's add the opacity 50. After that here we will add the disabled property and in this disabled property we will just check if the index is equal to sections dot length minus one then it will be disabled. After that here we have to add the text. So the text will be displayed here. And after that we have to display the icon. So the text is next. And then we will add the right icon from this Lucid React. Let me correct the icon. Save the changes. After that if I open the web page. So here we have the next button. Correct. Using this we can change the index so that we can add the other data. So first we'll add the personal info then we'll add the summary like that. So after that let me just come back here in our VS code and here we have added this div to navigate the sections right and after that we have to create the forms using that we can enter the data right so after this div here let's add another div and before that let me add the comment also. So we have added the comment form content, right? And here let's add the class name. So we'll add the space Y6. After that here we have to check the active section ID. So let's add curly braces and provide the active section dot id. And if the active section ID is personal right then we have to display the input field to get the personal data. So just add the and operator and parenthesis. And in this one we will add the div where we will add all the elements to get the personal information. Right? So instead of adding the complete form here, we will create the separate component to get the personal information and then we will mount that form here. For that we have to create a component. To create the component, let's open the sidebar. And in this components folder, let's create a new file. And we will write the file name personal info form dot jsx. Now let's create the component structure using rafce. And after that in this component, we will get the data using props. So here let's add curly braces to dstructure the props data. So first we will get the data property. After that we'll get on change. Then we will get remove background. Then we'll get the set remove background as props. So we are getting these data and after that let's come here in this return a statement. So in this one first we will add the title in S3 tag. So let's add the title called personal information. After that we have to add the text in a small text. So we will add the P tag. And here we will add this a small text. Now let me add the classes for this title. So for this H3 we will add these classes. And then for the P tag we will add class name property and provide text a small and text gray 600. After that here we will add a div. Now in this div we will add the class name. So let me add the class name property and provide flex item center and gap 2. Then we have to add the label tag. So let me provide the label tag here. Now in this label tag we have to add the turnary operator. So let's add curly braces. We will use the data dot image. So if the image property is available in the data in this case we will add this parenthesis and here we will add the image tag. So let me add the img tag. Now in this image src let me add curly braces and provide the type of then data dot image. Let's add equal to a string. So if the type is a string then we'll add the question mark and provide the data dot image. And if the type is not equal to a string then we'll add the colon and provide the URL dot create object URL. And in this one let me provide this data dot image. So it will create the image URL. After that here we have the alt property. So in this alt property let me add the text called user image. After that in this one we'll add the classes also. So in this image tag we have added the class name property and provide these classes. Now here we'll add the colon after this parenthesis. So if the data do image is not available. So in that case again add this parenthesis and here we will add a div. Now in this div we have to add the user icon. Right? So let's add user and import it from Lucid React. It has been imported. After that here we have to add the class name. So we'll add the class name property. And for this one we will set this size. Then we will add the padding. Then border and round it full so that it will be a circle. After that here we have to add the text also. So let me add the text called upload user image. So if the user image is available in the data it will be displayed here and if it is not available it will display the user icon and the text called upload user image. After that in this div we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name property here and provide these classes to design this upload icon with the text. After that let's come here and before this closing label tag we will add the input tag right and the input type will be file so that we can upload a file. Now in this one we'll add the accept property and in this accept property we have added image/ jpeg and image/png. So here we can upload the image file using this input field. After that in this one we'll add the class name hidden. So this input field will be hidden and then we'll add the onchange property. So let's add onchange and in this onchange we have to add the add a function and in this function parameter we will get the event. So let's add the event here and after that here we have to call a function. So first we will create that function that is handle change. So let's scroll up and here before this return a statement. Let's add const handle change equal to add a function. Now in this function we will get the field and value that will be the field name and value right and here we will add on change that we are getting as a props right and in this one let's add the object where we'll add the existing data. So we have added the spread operator and after that we'll add the property. So the property name will be field and in this one we will update the value like this. And now let's provide this handle change in this input field. So in this input field we have added the onclick property. And in this onclick property let me provide this handle change function. After that here we have to add two data that is the field and value. Right? So let's come here and in this one we'll add the field name image. Then we'll add the comma and provide the value. So the value will be e dot target dot files index zero. So the selected image will be added in this function. After that, let me come here after closing of this label tag. Here we'll add the curly braces and we will check the type of data dot image. Right? So if the type is equal to object. So if it is true then we'll add the and operator. And here let's add this parenthesis. And in this one we will add a div. Now in this div we have to add the text. So let me add the text in P tag that is remove background. Correct. And after that here we have to add the label tag. Let me remove this property from this label. And after that in this one we have to add one input field. But before that let me add the classes also. So let's start with this div. So here I'm going to add the class name property and provide flex flex column gap one padding left and text small. Then in this label tag again we'll add the class name property and here we will add the relative. So the position will be relative. Then we have added inline flex then item center cursor pointer and text gray 900. And then we have added the gap. After that in this one we will add the input field. So the input type will be checkbox. Then we will add the classes here. So let's add the class name property and provide sr only p. After that here we have to add the onchange property. So let's add on change equal to and provide one add a function and in this one let's use the setter function set remove background and in this one we have to provide the previous data and create the arrow function and here we'll add not of previous and after that let's add the checked property and in this checked property we will add remove background that's it after that here we have to add one div so I'll add the div here and in this div we have to add some classes so let's add the class name property and provided this telvin class and after that here we have to add the aspect span tag. So after closing of this div here we will add the aspan tag. Now in this aspan tag we have to add the class name property and provide these classes. That's it. So here we have added the input field. Using that we can remove the background of the uploaded image. And here we have added the icon. Using that we can upload an image. And here we have the image that will be displayed if the user data already have an image. Right? After that we have to mount this component. So let me just come back here in the rumé builder. In this rum builder you can see here we have added one div right. So instead of this div let me provide our component. So let me add personal info form component. So it has been imported right and after that in this one we have to add the data as props. So let me add the data and in this one just provide the rumé data dot personal info. After that here we have to add the onchange. So let's add the onchange. And in this onchange we will add the add a function. And here in this function parameter we will provide the data. And in this function it will call the set resume data. And in this set resume data we will add the add function with the previous data in the parameter. And here let's add this parenthesis and curly braces. Then we'll add a spread operator previous personal info and the value will be data. After that here we have to add the other props. So let's add a space here. And then we'll add remove background equal to curly braces. And let's provide remove background here. After that let's add the setter function set remove background equal to curly braces and here we will provide set remove background. So we have provided the props. After that if I open the web page after that here you can see we have this personal information then this text get started and then we have the user's image right because here we have the rumé ID right and with this rum ID we have some data available in the assets. If I come back to the dashboard and go to this create réumé and here if I add any rumé title and click on this button where you can see the user profile icon and the text upload user image so that we can upload an image here. So let me upload an image. Let me choose this one. So after that you can see here we have the toggle button using that we can remove the background after uploading right. So right now this image is already transparent but when we will upload the image with background you will get the option to remove the background of that image. We will implement this feature while creating the back end. You can see we have this toggle button right. So this is how you can upload the profile image for your rumé. And after that we have to display the input fields to get the profile information that will be the personal information. Right? So let me just come back and uh let's open personal info form.jsx. In this one here we have the closing label tag then closing div and this curly braces and this closing div. So here we will add the space and here we have to display the list of input field right. So instead of creating all the input fields one by one let me create the add a. So here let's add a new array. So before this return a statement we will add con and the name is fields equal to array and in this one let's add the data in object. So in the first one let me add key. So the key will be full name. Then we will add the label that is full name. Then we have the icon that is user. Right? So user icon is already imported from Lucid React. Then we have the type. So the type will be text and required will be true. Then we'll add the comma. And let's duplicate it. In the second one, we'll add the key that is email. So the second input field will be for the email. After that, we have to add the label text. So the label text will be email address. After that, here we have to add the icon. So I'm going to use the mail icon imported from Lucid React. Then the type will be email. So here we'll add the type email. Then we have to add required true. Correct? Similarly we'll add the other fields data. So here we have added the key phone label will be phone number. Then icon is phone. Import the phone from Leo React. Then the type is telephone. After that let me add the next field information that is location and here we'll import the icon map pin and the type is text. After that we will add the next input field data. So the next one will be profession. Then we have the icon here. So let's import the icon briefcase business and after that let's add the new data for input field. So it will be LinkedIn. Here we have the label text LinkedIn profile and then we have the icon. So import the icon from Lucid React and after that the type is URL. Next we will add one more input field for the website URL. So here we have added key that is website label text is personal website. Then we have the icon. So let's import the icon globe and the type is URL. So we will create these input field in the personal information. Right? So here we have added the array and using this array we will display all the input fields using the map method. So let's come here and uh let's add curly braces fields dot map. After that here we'll add the arrow function. And uh in this one first we'll add con icon equal to the field and we will get the field from the parameter. So in this parameter we will get the individual field from this array right and from this field we will get the icon property. So here we have the icon and then we'll add the return statement and in this return let's provide a div. Now in this div first we'll add the key property. So in this key we will provide field dot key. Then we have to add the class name here. And in this class name we will provide a space y 1 and margin top five. Then we'll add the label tag here. And after that in this label tag we have to provide some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these TIN classes. Now in this label tag we have to add the icon. So let's add the icon from here. Right? And after that for this icon we have to provide the size. So just add the class name property size four. Then we have to add the label text here. So just add curly braces and this field dot label. So it will add the label text after this icon. Then we will add curly braces and provide field dot required. And if it is true then we'll add the span tag. And in this span tag let's add the class name property and provide the color red 500. And here we'll add a star. Right? So here we have added the label and after this label we have to add the input field. So let's add the input and the type will be field dot type. So let's add Calibra says field dot type. Then we have to add the value. So in this value we'll add the data and from this data let's get the field dot key name and if it is not available then we'll add the or operator and here we'll add empty string. After that here we have to add onchange and in this onchange we have to add the arrow function with the event in the parameter and after that here we'll add handle change right so you can see the handle change is available here right so in this handle change we have to add two data that is the field name and value so let's add the field dot key. Then we will add the comma and provide e.target dot value. After that in this input field we have to add some classes. So just add the class name property and uh here we have provided these telin classes. Then we have to add the placeholder. Right? So just add the placeholder and in this one we'll add the curly braces. Then back tick and provide enter your and then we'll add dollar sign curly braces and provide field dot label dot two lower case and after that here we'll add required and in this required let's provide the field dot required property that's it After adding it, save the changes and open the web page. So here you can see we have the input fields to add the full name, email address, phone number, location, profession, LinkedIn profile link and website link. So here we can fill the personal information, right? So when you create a new rumé, you need to enter this data. And after that if I come back and let's open any existing rumé like this one here you can see we have the prefield data because this is the existing rumé and if you want to change it you can change the data in this input field. Next we have to display our rumé in the right side. Correct. So to display our rum in the right side let me just come back to the VS code. We will open this rum builder dot jsx file and after that let's come here in the right panel correct and here you can see we have added one div. Now in this div we have to add some classes. So just add the class name property and provide these telvin classes. After that here we have to add one div. Right. And in this div we will add different buttons where we will add the share button then public or private button and we will also add the download button. So for now let me add the comment here buttons. Right after displaying this button we have to display our rumé. Right? We will preview the rumé. Correct? So to display the rumé here we have to create a separate component. So for now let me write the comment here resumeum preview. It will be added here. Right. So let's create a separate component for resume a preview. So I'll open this sidebar and uh let's create a new component here. In this components folder we'll create a new file resume preview. JSX and after that here we will add R A F CE to create the component structure and then here in this return statement we have this div. So let's add the class name property and here we'll add width full and we'll also add the background gray 100. Then let's add the div here. In this div we will add the id. So the id is rumé preview. Then we have to add the classes. So just add the class name property. And in this one let's add curly braces. Then we will add the tailwind classes like this. And after that here we'll add plus. And then we have to add the classes here that we will receive from the props. Right? So here we have to dstructure the props. So just add the curly braces here. In this one we will get the data. Then we will get the template and after that we will get the ascent color. Then we have to get the classes. And in this one, let's add the default value. So the default value is empty string. And let's add the classes here. So here we have added one div. Now in this div we have to render the template. We have already created four template for the rumé. You will find the template in the asset file that you have downloaded from the video description. So you can see we have the asset folder. In this assets folder we have the templates right. You can see we have the templates here. And in this one we have four template. So let me just copy this templates folder. Let's copy it. And after that just open our project folder then client and src then components. And in this components we will paste this templates. So we have provided the templates in the components. Now just come back and uh after that here let's add the template. So to get the template before this return a statement we have to create a function. So I'll write const render template equal to add a function and in this one we will use the switch case statement. So just add switch case and here we will add the key. So the key will be template and here let's add the case. So if the template key is modern, let me add it in double quote. So if the case is modern, in that case let's add return. And here we will add the modern template. So let's add opening arrow modern template. We are not getting that suggestion here. Right? So first we'll add the import statement. And if I open this sidebar and here you can see we have the templates in the components. Right? And here we have the modern minimal then minimal image and then classic. Correct? So let's import all these template here. So let's add the name import classic template from and provide the path dot / templates/ classic template like this. Now let's duplicate it and here we will replace the name. So let's add modern template. And here we'll add the file modern template. Then we'll add the minimal template. And here we'll add the file name minimal template. Then we'll add minimal image template. And here we'll add minimal image template. After that let's come here in this return. And here we are going to add modern template tag. And uh let's close it. After that in this one we have to add the data as props. And then we'll add the ascent color and we'll get the ascent color from this props. Now let's add the next case. So remove the break from here. Here we'll add semicolon and after that let me just duplicate this line. Here we'll add the case. So the case will be minimal. And here we will add the minimal template. Then the data will be same. And after that let's add the next case. Duplicate this line. Here we'll add the image or minimal image. Then we'll add template here. Minimal image template. Now just duplicate it. Here we'll add the next case. We can also set it as default. So let me come back here. Remove this line. And in this default we will add return. And after that just copy this paste it here and let's update the template that is classic template. So here we have added the switch case. If the case is modern then we'll display the modern template. If the case is minimal then we will display minimal template. Then minimal image template then classic template. So the default one is classic. After that let's call this function here. in this div. So in this div simply add curly braces and call this function render template. Right? And after that here we have to add the style also. So after closing off this div let me add the style tag and here we'll add jsx. So we have added a style open and closing tag with JSX here. And after that in this one we'll add curly braces back text and in this one we have to add these CSS properties. You can write from here we have added these CSS properties for our preview page. After that we have to mount this component in our rumé builder page. So let me just come back here in the réumé builder and you can see here we have the rumé preview comment. Right. So let me remove this comment and provide the rumé preview component. This component has been imported. Here we will provide the data. So it will be resumeumé data. After that we have to provide the template here. Right? And in this template let's add the resumeumé data dot template. After that here we have to add the ascent color. And let's add rum data dot ascent color. Save the changes and let's open the web page. So you can see in the right side we have the preview but it is not perfectly aligned. So let me fix it. Here we have added the class name two times. So let me update it. Just correct this class name. Save the changes. And now you can see here we have the réumé in the right side. So here we have complete information because this is the existing rumé. If I just come back here and click on this create réumé and add the rum title. Click on this button. So now you can see here we have the input field to enter the personal information and in the right side it will display the preview. So let me add the information one by one. So here we'll write the name. After that we'll add the email. Then we have to add the phone number. Then we'll add the location. You can see we can see the live preview of our réumé in the right side. Here we have added the name then email then phone number location. Let's add the profession. We can add the LinkedIn profile and personal website. So let's add the link here. You can see all the information is displayed in the right side. So currently we have added the personal information only. Right? If I choose the image, let's choose this image. So you can see this image is added here but it is not displayed in the right side because this is the different template. If I choose the another template then this image will be added in this rum preview. So here we have to add the option so that we can change the template and we can also change the ascent color. For that let me just come back here and uh in this ré builder dot jsx file we have created this div that is section navigation right. Let me expand this. In this one you can see we have the div where we have the next and previous button and before that we have added one empty div right. So in this empty div we are going to create the buttons using that we can change the template and we can also change the ascent color right. So for that we have to create two other component that is the template selector and color picker right. So let's create a new component here. So in this components folder create a new file template selector dot JSX right and after that in this one we have to add R AFCE to create the component structure and after that here we'll get the data from props. So let's restructure the props here. We will get selected template and onchange. After that here we have to add one a state. So let me write const is open and the setter function name is set is open equal to use a state and let's initialize it using false. After that here we have to add the template data. So let's add const templates equal to an array. In this array let's add the first template information. So let's add the template ID that is classic. Then we'll add the template name. So it is also classic. After that we have to add the preview. So in this preview property we have added this text. Now let me add the comma here and duplicate this object. Here we'll add the ID that is modern. Then we'll add the text. It is also modern. After that in this preview we have to update the description of this template like this. Similarly we will add the data for two other template. So here we have added the data for minimal image template and minimal template. So we have total four templates and after that let's just come here in this div. In this div we will add the class name property and provide relative. So the position will be relative. Then we'll add the button here. In this button we have to add the icon and we'll also add the text. Right? So first let's add the icon here that is layout import it from the lucid react right and after that here we have to set the size 14 so just add the size 14 for this layout then we have to add the text here so we will add the text in a span tag in this aspan tag we'll add the text called template then we'll add the class name property And in this class name we will provide hidden. After that here in this button we have to add some classes. So let's add the class name property here and provide these classes. Now in this button we will add on click and create the add function here. In this function we will simply call the setter function set is open and provide not of is open. So if it is open it will close it and if it is closed it will open it. Right? And if it is open then we have to display the list of available template. Right? So just after this button we will add curly braces and provide is open. If it is true then we have to display the list of templates. So here we have added this parenthesis where we'll add a div. In this div we will display all the templates. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. And then let's use the array. So just add the templates array dot map method. Now in this map method we will create the add function where we will get the individual template in the parameter and after that here we have to add the parenthesis where we'll add a div. So it will return a div. Now in this div we have to add the key property. So let's add the key property and it will be template dot id. Right. After that we'll add the on click property also. And in this on click we will add the add a function. And here let's call the onchange function. Now here we have to add the template dot id. After that we'll add the semicolon and provide setter function. Set is open. and let's make it false. So after selecting it, it will hide the list. Now in this one, we have to add the classes also. So we'll add the class name property. And then let's add curly braces back. So here we will add these TIN classes. And after that we have to check the selected template, right? So let's add dollar sign curly braces and let's add selected template is equal to the template dot id right and uh you can see we are getting the selected template from this props correct so let's come here so if it is true so in that case let's add question mark and uh here we have to provide the classes. So let's add border blue 400 then background blue 100 and if it is false then we'll add the colon and provide border gray 300 then hover then hover background color. That's it. And after that in this one we have to add curly braces and provide the selected template equal to template dot id. If it is true then we'll add this parenthesis and here we'll add a div. Now in this one let's add the class name property and uh here we will provide absolute top to right to and then we'll add the div here and in this div we have to add the check icon. So let's add check imported from lucid react. Then we have to add the classes for this icon. So let's add the class name property and provide width, height and text white. Then we will add the classes for this div. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. So here we have the check icon. Correct? And uh after that here let's add a div. Now in this div we will add the text in H4 tag. So the text will be template name right? So just add curly braces template.name. Then we have to add the description that will be template dot preview. So let's add the div here. And in this div we will add curly braces template. Next we have to add the classes. So in this div we will add the class name property and provide a space y1. Then we'll add the classes in the template name. So we'll add the class name and provide font medium text gray 800. Then we have to add the classes in the template preview. So let's add the class name and provide these TIN classes. Let's save the changes and after that we have to mount this template selector. So again open rum builder and in this rumé builder. In this div we have to mount this component. So let's add template selector. It is mounted here. After that here we have to provide the props. So let's add the selected template and provide rum data dot template. After that here we have to add onchange. In this onchange, let's add add a function. And here we will add the set rum data. And in this one, let's add this template as parameter. Correct? And in this one, let's add the previous data and create the add function. Then we have to add the parenthesis and add one object. Here we will use the previous data. Using this a split operator and after that in this one we have to update the template. So just add the template here. That's it. So here we have added the template selector. Let me add the space so that you can see clearly. Now in this div we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. So this div will contain the template selector button and we will also add one color picker button. So for now we have added this button only template selector. Save the changes and come here. So now you can see here we have the template selector button. Right? And if I click here it is opening the list of available templates. Right? From here we can choose different template. If I choose modern, this click is not working. So, let me just come back. I'll open the template selector in this one. Let's see where we have added on change. Let me just correct it. It will be capital C on change. Now, just come back and you can see we can choose the template from here. Right? If I select the first one, classic. Here, this is the classic template design. Let's choose the second one, modern. This is the modern. If I choose the third one, minimal image. So, here we have the profile image also in this template. Let's choose the fourth one. So, this is the fourth design. Right? It is working fine. Next, we have to display the button to choose the ascent color for the template. Here we have one bottom line below this button right so let me remove it. I'll just come back here. You can see in this div we have added these classes. So let me correct it. Here we'll add the class name flex. Then we'll add item center. Then remove these classes. And here we will only add gap two like this. Now we don't have that underline. It is looking good. After that here we'll add the second button. So just come back here and next we'll create the another component that is color picker. So let's open the sidebar and in this components we'll create a new file. Write the file name color picker dot jsx and after that here we'll add the component structure using rafce and then here we'll add multiple colors in an array. So let's add const and then we'll add the variable name colors equal to array and after that in this array let's add the first color. So let's add the color name and value. So we have added the object with the name blue and value is this color code. Similarly we will add other colors. So let me add multiple color name and value here like this. After that here we will add the curly braces to dstructure the props. So let's add on change and selected color. So we will get this data from the props. After that here also we have to display the drop-down. So just add const. Then we'll add is open setter function name is set is open and initialize it using false using the user state. So import the user state here. User state has been imported. Right. After that just come here in this div and in this div we'll add the class name and provide relative. And then we have to add the button here. So let me add the button tag. Now in this button we have to add the icon. So just add the icon here pallet. It will get imported from the lucid react and we will set the size 16. After that we have to add the span tag. In this span tag we'll add the text which is ascent. And after that we'll add the classes here. So let's add the class name property and provide hidden for the max SM. After that let's add the classes for this button. So we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. And now in this button we'll add the onclick property. So let's add on click. In this onclick property we will add the add function. And here let's call the setter function set is open. And after that in this one we will add not of is open. So if it is open it will close it. So here we have added this. After that we have to display the list of color. Right? So here let's add the space curly braces is open. If it is true then only we have to display the list of colors right? So just add the and operator then parenthesis and here we'll add a div. Now in this div we have to add the classes to create the grid layout. So we have added these Telvin classes and after that we will use the colors array. So let's add the colors array dot map method. And here let's add the add function with this individual color in the parameter. Then we'll add this parenthesis. And here it will return a div. Now in this div we have to add the key property. And in this key property we will provide the color dot value. After that we have to add the class name here. And let's provide the classes for this div. Now in this one we have to add the on click property also. Using that we can change the active color. So let's add the on click. And in this on click let's add the add function. And then we will call the on change. And in this on change we have to add the color dot value. That's it. So here we have added the on click. Using that we can change the selected color. Right now in this one we have to add a div. Now in this div we'll add the class name property and then we'll add curly braces back tick. And here let's provide these classes right or we can simply write it in single quote like this. It will work. And after that here we have to add the a style property. In this a style property we'll add curly braces. Then let's add the background color. And in this background color we'll add the color dot value. So here we have added one div. Using that we will display a colored circle. Right? So that we can choose different color. After that just come here after closing of this div. This is the div opening and closing tag. And after that here we'll add curly braces. And let's add the selected color equal to and provide the color dot value. So if it is selected color then we will add the end operator and parenthesis and in this one we will add a div. Now in this div we have to add the check icon. So just add the check icon here and it will get imported from Lucid React. And after that in this check icon we have to set the size and color. So here we have added the white color and size five. Next in this div we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name and provide these classes like this. Now after that here we have to add the text also. So let's add the P tag and in this P tag we'll add curly braces and provide the color name. So just add color dot name. Now for this P we will add some classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. Right now let's mount this component in our rum builder. So let's open rum builder.jsx and after this template selector here let's mount color picker component. Now here also we have to provide the props. So let's add the selected color and it will be réumé data dot ascent color right and after that we'll add on change and in this onchange let's add the add a function and in this function parameter we will get the color and it will return the setter function set resumeum a data and in this one let's add the add a function with the previous data in the parameter then we'll add the parenthesis object and use the spread operator provide the previous data then comma ascent color and it will be color that's After mounting this color picker component here, let's save the changes and open the web page. So here you can see we have this button to change the ascent. Right now let me change the template first. I'll choose this modern template. And if I click on this ascent button here we have the list of colors, right? With the icon and text. So let me choose this green. So you can see it is changing the template color. Let's choose pink. Let's choose black. It looks good. Let me change the template. I'll choose classic. And now change the color. You can see the text in green color. Now you can see the text in pink color orange. Let's choose the other template. I'll choose minimal. And let me choose this purple. Here you can see the icon in purple color. Let's choose pink. You can see the icon in pink color. Right? So when we choose the color, it should hide this drop-down, right? So for that, let me just come back here and we will open the color picker dot.jsx file and uh in this one you can see we have added the onchange, right? So in this on change we have added this color dot value and after that we'll add semicolon and provide set is open and let's make it false. Save the changes and come back here. Now if I click on green the green will be selected and you can see the icon in green color these icons right and the drop-down is hidden. Now let me change the color or template. So let's choose the modern template. You can see the template in green color. And if I click on this ascent and choose the pink, you can see the template in pink color. So this feature is working fine. And uh here we have the input field so that we can enter the réumé detail that is the personal info. After that here we have the next button. So when we will click the next button, it should display the next section where we will add the other details. And when we go to the next section, you can see this progress bar is increasing. So after this personal information section, we have to display the summary section. To create the input field for summary section, we will come back to the VS code and here we will create a new component. So let's create a new component. In this folder, write the file name professional summary form. JSX. Now we will add R Ace to create the component structure. Now in this one we will get some data from props. Right? So here we will destructure the props. In this one we will get the data. Then we will get the onchange function. Then we will get setter function set rumé data. Now after that let's come here in this div. So in this div first we have to add the a space. So we'll add the class name property here. And let's provide a space y 4. Now we'll add another div. And uh in this div let me provide the classes. So here let me provide class name property with flex item center justify between. So here we have to add the data in two columns. In the left side we'll add the text like professional summary and small text. And in the right side we will display the button. Using that we can enhance our summary using AI. So here let's add two div or let me add the div for the left side and for the right side we will add the button. So in this div we have to add the title that is professional summary. So here we'll add the S3 tag and uh let's add the text professional summary and after that here we have to add the classes also. So we have added these classes and then we have to add some text in the P tag. So first we'll add the P tag and provide this text. And for this one we have to change the text size. So we have added text a small and text color gray 500. Then in the right side we will display the button right. So in this button first let's add one icon. So I'll add a sparkles icon imported from Lucid React. And in this icon we have to set the size using size 4. And then we have to add the text. So the text is AI enhance. And after that in this one let's add some classes also. So in this button we have added these telmin classes. After adding it let's come here after closing of this div. This one here we will add one div. And in this one we will add the text area where you can write your réumé summary right or your profile summary. So in this one we have to add some space from the top using this margin top and the margin top is six and after that here we have to add the text area. So in this text area we can enter our text right. So for this text area first let me add some classes. So here we'll add the class name property and provide these classes. And instead of adding this closing text area, let me add the self-closing tag like this. We will close it here and remove this closing text area. Now in this one we will add the placeholder. So just add the placeholder property and here we will add the text. So we have added this text in the placeholder right and after that in this text area we have to add rows. So here we'll add rows and provide seven and after that in this one we have to add the value and onchange property. So first we'll add the value here and in this value we'll add curly braces data and then we'll add the or operator and provide empty string. Then we'll add the onchange property here and here let's add the add function and get the event in this parameter. Then we will add onchange function that we are getting as props. Let me make it capital C. on change and uh in this one we will add e dot target dot value. You can see we are getting the onchange from here right and after that here we have the text area and below this text area we'll add the text in p tag. So we have added the P tag and in this P tag we have added this text right and for this text let's add some classes. So provide the class name property and provide these TIN classes right now we have created this component where you can enter the professional summary for your réumé. Next we have to mount this component in our rumé builder. So let's open resumeumi builder dot jgsx file. Scroll down and uh in this one here you can see we have mounted the personal info component right and for that first we are checking the active session ID. So similarly we will add the next component. So again we'll add curly braces and in this one let's check the active session id equal to summary. So when the active session is summary then we have to display our summary component. So we have added the and operator then parenthesis and after that here let's provide professional summary form component and uh let's close this tag. Now here we have to provide the data as props. So let's add the data and let's add the réumé data here. Then we have to add the onchange function. But in this data we will not just add the rum data. We will also add rum data dot professional summary. So we will provide this data and after that let's add on change and provide the add a function and here we will add data as parameter and then it will return the setter function set resume data and here let's add the arrow function with the previous data in parameter and after that Let's return one object. Just add a spread operator then previous data comma professional summary colon data and after that here we have to provide the setter function set resumeum data and it will be set resumeum data. That's it. After adding it, let's open the web page. Now you can see we are in the first section that is personal information. After that, just click on this next button. So you can see we are in the professional summary section. Right here we can write our summary for this ré. And here we have the button called AI enhance. Then we have some tips here to write this summary. Now when we will write this summary, it will be displayed in our resumeumé template. Right? So let me add one small summary here. So here we have added this text. So now you can see this summary is displayed here. Now let me change the color. I'll choose this color. So it is updating the template color. Let me choose the modern theme. So we have updated the theme. Here also you can see the summary. Let me switch to next theme. Here also we have this summary. So you can see all the templates are working fine. We can switch to modern classic or minimal image template. Right now we have to create our next section where we can enter the experience that will be job or work experience. So let me just come back here and we have to create the next component. So here let's open the sidebar. In this components folder let's create a new component with the name experience form.jsx. JSX and in this one we will add R A FCE to create the component structure and after that here we will get the data as props. So here we will get the data and onchange function right and after that here we have to create a div. So here in this div we will add the class name property and first we'll add the a space from y. After that let's add another div and uh in this div we have to add the text and in the right side we'll add the button correct. So let me just copy from the previous one. I'll open the previous component which is here. So in this one you can see we have added this div right. So let me just copy it and paste it here. So in this one you can see we have the left side div where we have the text. So let me update the text here. I'll write professional experience. Then we will add the small text here. So in this one we have added add your job experience and in the right side we have added the button. So in this button we will add text called add experience and uh after that here we have to update the icon. So instead of this a sparkles I'll add plus imported from Lucid React. So here we have added this button and uh in this one you can see we have some classes like disabled. So let me remove it. After adding this button let's come here and we have to create a function using that we can add the experience. So before this return a statement let's add a space and here we'll add a function. So just add con add experience and create the arrow function. Now in this one let's create one object. So we have added con new experience and it will be one object. So in this experience we have to add the company details. So we will add the properties like company. Then we'll add the position. Then we will add a start date. Then end date description and is current. So by default it will be false. And after that here we will add the onchange. And in this onchange let's add the array where we will add a spread operator data and then provide new experience. That's it. Now let's add the function using that we can remove the experience. Correct? So let me just copy this one or I'll write here a new function con remove experience and it will be one add function and in this one we will get the index as parameter. So we have added the index as parameter and after that let's add const updated equal to data dot filter and in this filter let's add the add a function and here we'll add underscore i for the index and here let's add i not equal to index. So it will remove that particular experience using this index number. And after that let's call on change function and provide updated. Next we will add the function. Using that we can update the experience. Right? So let me just duplicate this and we will rename the function. It will be update experience. Here we'll get the index and after that we'll get the field and value. Then we will add the updated data in a variable. So here we'll add con updated and uh after that let's add the array a spread operator data. After that let's add the updated then index equal to let's add the object a spread operator updated then index and after that let's add the field and for this field let's add the value. So using this we can update the experience data right and after that let's come here in this return so you can see we have added this button right so in this button we have added the text called add experience so here we have to add the onclick property in this onclick property we will call the add experience function that's it now let We fold this div or let it be and just come here before this last closing div we will add the space here and here we will add the curly braces and we will add the turnary operator let's add the data dotlength. So if we have the experience data available right so let's add if the data dotlength equal to zero then we have to add one div here when we don't have any experience data and here we'll add the colon and parenthesis and in this one we'll add the another div that will be displayed when we have any data right so when we don't have the experience data. Let's complete this div. So in this one let's add the classes first. So we have added the class name property and provided these tele classes. And after that we have to add the icon. So let's add briefcase. So we have added this icon from Lucid React. And after that in this icon we have to change the size and color using this classes. Then we have to add the text here. So we will add the text no work experience added yet. Then we'll add the text in another P tag. And here let me write click add experience to get started. And in this one we have to change the font size. So just add class name text small. Right? And after that let's come here in this second div. So in this second div we have to display the existing experience data. So in this one first let's add the a space. So we'll add the class name property and provided this space from y. Then we'll add curly braces the data dot map method. Now in this map method we have to add the arrow function and this arrow function will return a div. So just add parenthesis and a div. Now in this function parameter we will get individual experience and index like this. Now just come here in this div and here first we have to add the key property. So let's add key it will be index and then we have to add the classes right. So here we'll add the class name property and provide these TIN classes in this div. After that here let me add one div. In this one we will add the experience with the index number and after that we will add the button. Right? So in the button we'll add the delete icon or trash icon so that we can remove that experience. So in this div let me add some classes first. Let's add class name property and provided these classes. Then we'll add the title in H4 tag. So the title will be experience has and then we'll add curly braces index. So the index starts from zero. So here we'll add + one. So it will display 1 2 3 4 like that. And after that here we'll add the button also. So just add the button tag. And in this button tag we have to add the trash icon. So just add trash 2 import it from Lucid React. Now in this one we have to set the size. Next we have to add the CSS properties in the button. So just add the class name property and provide these telein classes. Now in this button we have to add the on click property also using that we can remove the experience. So just add on click and in this onclick let's add the add a function and it will call the function called remove experience and here we have to provide the index. That's it. After that let's come here after closing off this div and here let's add another div. In this one we have to add the input field. Using that we can update the experience. So let's add class name property here and provide these classes. And then let's add the first input field. Now in this one the type will be text and after that we'll add the placeholder. So the placeholder will be company name and then we'll add some classes here. So just add class name property and provided these classes. Next here we have to add the value and onchange property. So let's add the value here and in the value we'll add the experience dot company that is the company name. Then we'll add our operator and provide empty string. Then we'll add the onchange property and in this onchange property we will call the function. So just add the add function and get the event in the parameter. And here let's add update experience. In this update experience we have to provide the index. Then we have to add the field name. So the field name is company. And after that we have to add the value. So the value will be e dot target dot value. So this is the first input field to add the experience or update the experience. Now let me just duplicate it. And here in this second one let me update the data. So here we'll add experience dotposition. And after that here in this update experience we'll add the field name position. Right. And after that here we have to add the placeholder. So the placeholder will be job title right and after that let me again duplicate it. In this one let's add the experience dot start date and uh here also we'll add a start date and after that we have to add the type. So you can see the type is text correct. So in this type we will add month and after that from here we can remove the placeholder. It is not required. After that let me just duplicate it. And in this one again the type will be month. And here we have to add the value. So in the value we will add experience dot ender date. And after that in this update experience function we will provide index then provide this field name end date and uh after that here we will add one more class name. So just add disabled colon and provide background gray 100. And then we have to add the disabled property here. And in this disabled property, let's add curly braces and provide experience dot is current. After this input field, you can see we have the closing div, right? So after closing off this div we will add the label tags. Now in this label tag we have to add the checkbox. So here let's add the input and the type will be checkbox and after that here we'll add the checked property. So let's add the checked property and it will be equal to experience dot is current. Then we'll add the or operator and provide false. Then we'll add the onchange property. In this onchange property, we have to add the add a function. Let's add event. And after that, let's add update experience. In this update experience, we have to provide the index. Then we will provide the field name. So the field name is is current. And after that we have to provide the value. So it will be E.target dot value or instead of this value let me write E.target dot checked because this is the checkbox input field. And here let's add question mark. So if it is checked then we will provide true and if it is unchecked we will provide false right and uh after that here we have to add the classes also. So we'll add the class name property in this input field and let's provide these tin classes right and uh after this input field we have to add the text. So we will add the text in a span tag. So the text will be currently working here. And in this text we have to change the font size. So we have added text as small and text color is gray 700. Save the changes. Next we have to add another div after this label tag. So after this label tag let's add another div. And in this one we have to add some space. So just add class name a space y2 right and after that in this one we have to add another div where in the left side we will add the text called job description and in the right side we will add a button. So let me write a div and in this div we will add the label tag where it will add the text called job description. Correct? And after that we will add the button. So in this button we have to add the icon first. So let's add a sparkle or a sparkles icon. And after that here we'll add the class name to provide the width and height for this icon. So we have added the width and height. After that we have to add the text called enhance with AI. So it will enhance our job description using AI using this button. And now let's add the classes also. So let's add the class name property in this div. And uh in this one we have provided these classes to align it side by side. Now in this label tag we will add the class name property and provide these classes and then we have to add the classes in the button. So in this button tag we have added the class name property and provided these classes. Correct? Now after that here we have to add the text area. Using that we can enter our job description. So after this div here we will add text area let me close it here using self-closing tag and after that here we have to add the classes. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes and after that we have to add the placeholder. So let's add the placeholder and added this text. Then we have to add the rows. So in this rows let's add four right and after that here we have to add the value. So let's add the value here and in the value we'll add experience dot description. Then we'll add the or operator and provide empty string. After that we have to add the onchange property. In this onchange property, we will add the add function with the event in the parameter. And in this function, we will call update function that is update experience. And here we have to provide the index first. Then we have to provide the field name. So the field name will be description. And then we have to provide the value. So it will be e.target dot value. That's it. So we have created this component using that we will display the experience and we can also add and update the experience. Next we have to mount this component in our rumé builder. So let's open the rumé builder dot jsx file and uh just after this component that is professional summary here we'll add another curly braces and we will check for the active session ID. So let me just copy this one only. I'll just duplicate it and here we will update the session ID experience. So when the session id is equal to experience then it will display the component that is experience form experience form has been imported. Here we will add the data as props. So in this data we will provide rum data dot experience and after that here we have added the onchange. In this one, we'll add the data and call the set rumé data function and provide previous data in the parameter and it will return the object with previous data. And after that, let's add the experience here. And in this experience, we will add the data. And let me just remove this props. Save the changes. And now let me open the web page. So if I click on this next button here you can see we have the text professional experience add your job experience and here we have the button add experience and then we have some text here with icon. Now let me just click on this button. So it will open this form right here. We can enter the company name, job title and we have the option to select currently working here. If I check this one, you can see this second date field will be disabled. If I uncheck it will be enabled. And here we have to write the job description. Correct? And uh after that let me add the text here. But before that you can see the alignment for this checkbox and this text is not good. So let me just come back and open the expedience form.jsx file. In this one, you can see we have this text currently working here and here we have the checkbox input field. So in this label tag, let's add some classes so that we can provide the space. So just add the class name property and provide flex item center and gap 2. That's it. And uh after updating this, let's open the web page. So you can see here we have the proper space between this checkbox and this text. Now let me add some experience data here. Right? So I'll write the company name in this input field. I'll add any company name. Then we'll add the job title. So let's write the job title here. And after that here we can choose the start date. So let me choose the month and year. So from here we can choose the year and here we can choose the end date and if you don't want to choose the end date because you are currently working here so you can check this one right. So in the right side you can see we have the experience details with job title, company name and in the right side we have the start year and month and here we have present because currently working here and after that here we can type the job description. So let me add the text here. So we have added the job description here. So you can see in the right side we have the complete data of the experience. So we have added the first experience. Similarly we can add multiple experience of different company. So click on this add button. So we have another form. Right? So in this one let me add the company name. We will add the job title. Then let's choose the year. And here we will add the end date like this. And after that here let's add the job description. And you can see in the right side we have two job experience right here we have the job title company description and then in the right side we have the start and end date. Now if I change the template in this classic you can see we have the professional experience like this. In this second design we have the experience like this. It is looking beautiful. Right? If I change to the third one, this is the third template and in the left side we have the contact details, right? And if I change to the next one. So this is the next template where we have the experience and this is the experience details. So let me choose this one only. And now we have to add the another section where we will add the education details. Before adding the education section, let me update this button color. You can see here we have the button add experience. So I'll change the button color to green. So I'll just come back here and open the experience form dot JSX file. In this one we have this button tag where you can see the text add experience. So in this one let me update the color. So here you can see the background. So we will add background green 100. Then we'll add text green 700. Then we'll add over background green 200. And then here we have the rounded. So let me increase the border radius using this rounded LG large. Now let's save the changes and come back here. You can see this button looks good with this green color. And here we have the hover effect. Now we have to add another section that is adding the education section. So just come back and we'll create a new component. So here we have to create a new component with the name education form. So we have added this new file education form under this components folder. Now here we have to add R A FCE to create the component structure and after that in this one we will copy the data from previous form that is experience. So let's open the experience and here we have this props. Just copy and paste it here. After that let's come back here and let me just copy this function. Copy all three functions and paste it here. Before this return statement. So here we have added the functions. Now we will update the name. So the first function is add education. Then the second one will be remove education. And then in the third one we will write update education. Now let's update the properties also. So here let's add the variable name called new education and in this one we will store the institute name. So just add institute then we will store the degree and after that we will store the field. Then we will store the graduation date. After that we will store GPA and remove the last property. So in new education we will store these data that will be displayed on resumeum and after that let's provide this new education here in this on change. So in the previous data this new education will be added right after that come here in this remove education function and here we will get the index and after that we will get the updated data and we'll add it in this onchange function. Then we have the update education. In this one, we will keep the code same as it is. Here also we will pass index, field name and value. Right? So we will not change anything here. Now let's come here in this div. So in this div also we will copy the code from the previous page that is experience form. So just come back here and let me just copy this complete div. Just copy this one and paste it here. Now here we have to update the text and input field. So let's start with the first div. So in this one you can see here we have the title in S3 tag. So we will update the title first. So here we will add the title. So in this title we will simply write education and after that we have to add a small text. So in this P tag we will add this text add your education details. Then we have the button right. So in this button we will call our add education function. So just update this function in this onclick property. After that here we have to update the text. So in this button we'll add the text called add education like this. And uh after that let's come here. Here we will check data.tlength is zero. It means we don't have any education added. In this case we will display this div. Right. And here let's update the text. So we will write the text here that is no education added yet. And after that we will add the message also. So let's add the message. Click add education to get started. And here we will update the icon also. So let me remove this briefcase icon from here. And here we will add graduation cap imported from usage react. It has been imported. And after that let's come here. Suppose we have the education data then it will be displayed on the rumé page. Right? So here we will get the individual education data. So just add this education here and after that let's come here in this one let's update the title in this H4 it will be education and then we'll add the hashtag index + one after that here you can see we have the button right this is the trash button using that we can delete any education data so in this one we will write the function that is remove education we will provide this function and provide the index number here. So it will remove the particular education data. Correct? And after that let's scroll down. Here you can see we have the input fields to get the information. Right? So in the first one we will get the institute name. So here we have the input field with the type text. Correct? So in this one let's add the value. So in this value just add education dot institute. After that here we have the update experience. So here also we will update the function. So it will be update education. And then here we have to provide the field name. So the field name is education. And then we have the placeholder. So in this placeholder let's type institute name. That's it. So here we have added the data for the first input field. Right? Now we have the second input field. It is also text type. Right? And after that here we have to update the placeholder text. So in this placeholder we have the job title. So let's replace it. It will be degree. Right? And after that here you can see we have this rounded large. So let me just remove it from here. I will remove it from the previous input field also and in the next one also and in the next input field also. And let's come here. In this second input field, we have to update the value and we will also update the onchange property. So in this value let's add education dot degree. And after that here we will update the function. So it will be update education and here let's add the field name degree. Then we have added the type text and then we have added the placeholder and here we have the classes. So this is the second input field. After that here we have the third input field and in this one the type is month. So first let's make the type text. So in this one also the type is text. And after that here we have to add the value. So the value will be education dot field and after that here we have to update the function that is update education and write the field name that is field and after that here we have to add the placeholder. So let's add the placeholder property at the end and here we have to add the placeholder message. So the message is field of study. So we have added three input fields. Correct? After that here we have another input field. Right? And uh in this one let me remove this disabled class and let's come here in this input first we have the value right and in this one you can see the type will be month. So in this value let's add education and then we'll add dot graduation date and let's add this graduation date here in this field name correct and we will update the function it will be update education and uh after that let's remove this disabled property from here that's it. So here we have the input field so that we can get the year and month correct and after that we will add another input field. So instead of this label we will simply use the input field here. So remove this label from here and uh in this one we will add the type text or instead of updating this input field let me just remove it and copy this input field from here and paste it here and in this one we have to update the value. So in this value we will add education dot GPA and after that here we have to add the field name that will be GPA right and here we have the placeholder so in this placeholder let's add GPA optional and uh after that you can see the type is text that's it. Now here we have other div. So let me just remove this div. That's it. So for the education we have added input field like institute name, degree, field of a study, then graduation date and GPA. So it will be optional. And after that we have to mount this component. So here you can see we have created this component with the name education form. Right? So let's open the rumé builder dot JSX file. And uh in this one let me just duplicate this code. And after that here we will add the section ID. So in this one let's add the section id name. So it will be education. So whenever the section id is education then we have to display that education form component. So let's add education form component here. And in this one we have provided the data. It will be rum data dot education. And after that here we have the onch change. And in this onchange we have added setter functions set resumeum data and provided the previous data. And here we will update the education property with this data. Now let's save the changes and open the web page. So now if I click on this next button here we are getting the blanker screen. So let me just fix it. I'll just come back here and open the education form.jsx file. In this one here, we have added the plus icon. So, let's import this plus icon. Save the changes. And uh after that here you can see we have this it is builder right and uh in this one let me fill the details again. But before that let me just click on this next button. So you can see it is opening the professional summary section. Then we have the professional experience section. Then we have this education section. If I click on this add education again we are getting the blank screen. So let me just come back here and uh in this one we have added the trash icon also. Here we have the trash too. So let's import it from the Lucid React. Let's see the plus and trash icon has been imported. Right. And after that just come to this education section. Click on add education. You can see it is opening the input fields where we can enter the institute name, degree, field of study and we will enter the year and month. And here we have the optional input field GPA. Right? Now let me fill all the data one by one. So I'll start with this personal information. So I'll pause the video and fill all the data for this réumé. So now I have added all the details like personal info then professional summary, professional experience and then we have to add the education. Right? Let me click on this delete. It will be removed. And if I click on add education, it will display the input field. So let's add the institute name here. Then we'll add the degree name. Then we will add the field of study. Then we have to add the date here. So let me choose any year and month. And after that here you can add the GPA which is optional. So you can see this education details is added here in this rumé. You can see here we have the education details. It is displayed here with degree name, institute name and year. After that click on this add education. So you can add multiple education details. So here we'll add another SU name then degree then field of study and year. So we have added the year of completion and uh now you can see another data has been displayed here in this resumeum a template right. So if I change the template you can see the education detail is displayed in the bottom. And if I change this to the classic and also it is displayed in the bottom. If I change it to the minimal here it is displayed in the bottom. And if I change it to minimal image it will be displayed in the left side. So this template is looking good. We have the education details also. Next we have to add the functionality so that we can add the project details also. So to create the new section we have to create a new component. So let me just come back to the VS code and uh here we have to create a new component. So let's create a new file here in this components folder with the name project form.jsx. In this one, let's add RFCE to create the component structure. And after that, here also we have to add the functions and we'll get the data from props. Right? So here we'll destructure the props using this curly braces data and onchange. Now just come back here and from here let me just copy all three function. Just copy and paste it here in this project form.jsx file before this return statement. Now in this one we will update the name. So the first function is add project. The second one is remove project and the third one is update project. Then here we have the variable. So let's update it. It will be new project. So the new project will be one object where we have to store the project name. So let's add the property name. Then we'll add the type. And after that we have to add the description. That will be the project description. Then remove remaining properties. Right? So in the project we have to add the project name, type and description. And then this new project will be added in the existing project using this array and a spread operator data. and new project using this on change. Right? And after that here we have the remove project where it will filter out the project that you want to remove. And after that here we have the update project. It will be same. We don't have to change anything here. After that we have to create the structure in this div. Right? So let me just copy from the previous page. I'll just copy the complete div. and paste it here in this return statement and after that let's see what we have to update here. So first we have this div where we have added the space. So let me remove this space from here. We will simply add a div. And after that here you can see we have another div where we have added the data in the left side and right side. In the left side we have the title. So the title will be projects and after that we have to add a small text. So just add the text here. Add your projects. Then we have to add the function here in this on click that is add project function. Correct. And after that here we have to add the button text that is add project and we have the plus icon. So let's import the plus icon from Lucid React. After that let's come here and in this one you can see we are checking whether we have the project or not. Right? So let me just remove it. we will simply display the project input field. So I'll remove this and let's remove this. You can see this div is closing here. I'll just undo this. So first we have this div. Then we have another div for this false condition. Right? So here we have added this turnary operator. So let me remove this one. So we have to remove this and this like this. So now we have only this div with class name a space y4 and in this one we'll add the margin from top. So let's add the margin top six. After that here we have the data do map. And in this one let me provide individual project as a parameter. After that here we have the div that will be displayed on the web page. So in this div we have added the key. Correct. And after that it will display the text like project one project two. Right? So just add project # index + one. Then we have to add the function here that will be remove project and provide the index. So using this we can remove a project and here we have the trash two icon. So just import the trash to from Lucid React. After that just scroll down and here you will find the input fields. Right? Using that we can add the project data. So in the first one you can see the type is text. Here we have the value. So in the value just add the project dot name. So we need the project name. And here we have the onchange. So in this onchange just add the function called update project. And in this update project here we'll add the field name that will be name. And after that we have the placeholder. So in this placeholder let's add the text called project name. And here we have some classes and in this one let's add border radius. So just add class name rounded large. After that here we have the another input field. So let me just remove it. I'll remove this one also and this one also. And simply duplicate the first input field. Now in this one we have to update the field name placeholder right. So just add the placeholder. So the placeholder is project type. And after that we have to add the value here. So the value will be project dot type. And after that here we'll add the update project. It will be index and then type and e.target dot value. And uh after that we have completed this input field. using that we can get the project type data right and after that we have to add the text area. So here we'll add the same input field and let me change it to text area and here we have the value. So the value will be description that is project dot description and in this update project we'll provide the field name description. Then we have to add the rows here. So let's add rows four. Correct? And after that we have the placeholder text. From here we can remove this type. And in this placeholder let's write describe your project. And then we have the class name property. So in this one let me provide these relevant classes. Right. Let me remove this extra space. And after that here we have extra input field. Just remove it. Now let's save the changes. So we have created this component. Using that we can get the project data. Right. Next we have to mount this component in the rum builder. So we will open rum builder. Let's come here and duplicate this code. Now we will check the active session ID. So let's add this SN ID projects right and in this one we have to mount the project form component. So just add project form component and in this one provide the data it will be rumi data dot project and here we have to add project in this setter function. That's it. And after that let's save the changes and we will open the web page. Now let's click on this next button. So here you can see the text projects and here we have the small text add your projects and here we have the button add project. Let me click here. So it will open this input field where we can enter the project data. So this input field is a small so we have to increase the width and uh this input field should be displayed in the next line. So let me just fix it. I'll just come back to the VS code. We will open this project form dot JSX file and uh let's see here we have the input fields right and in this parent div we have added grid and then grid column. So just remove this grid column from here. Simply add grid and gap three. That's it. Save the changes and come back here. Now you can see all the input fields are aligned vertically and it is using the entire space. Right? So now let me add the project data. So we'll add the project name. Then we'll add the project type and after that we'll add the project description. Now you can see this project data is added in this rumé template. Right? You can see the project section and here we have the project name, type and description. Correct? And now let's add one more project. I'll click on this add button and we'll add another project name. Then we'll add the type. And then we'll add the description. So you can see we have two projects here. Now after that we have to add the next section. Using that we can add the skills also. For that let me just come back to the VS code and here we have to create a new component. So let's create a new component in this components folder and write the file name a skills form dot jsx. Correct. And then we'll add R A FCE to create the complainer structure. And here also we'll get the data from props. So let's just copy this and paste it here. After that here we have to add the state where we will store the new skills. Right? So just add con and the state name is new skill and the setter function name is set new skill equal to use a state and initialize it with empty string like this and after that here we will add the function using that we can add a new skill we can remove the skill skills. So let's create the first function with the name add a skills or add a skill and it will be one add function. Here let's add the if statement and in this if let's add new skill dot trim. Then we'll add and operator. we will add not of data dot includes and in this one let's add new skill dot trim. So if this new skill is not added then we will add it right suppose it is already available then we will not add it. So after that here we'll add on change and in this onchange let's add the add a we will use the spread operator provide the existing data and in this one we will add the new skill then we'll add dot trim so it will remove the space from a start and end after that here we'll add setter function set new skill and let's provide empty string. So we have created the function add a skill. Next we have to create the function using that we can remove the skill. So let's add another function. It will be add a function. And in this function parameter we will get the index to remove. Right? And after that let's add on change. And uh in this on change we have to add the data dot filter and after that in this filter let's add the arrow function and here we will get the index number. So just add underscore and then comma index. After that here let's add index not equal to index to remove. That's it. And here we'll add the input field to enter the skill data. And we can press the enter key to add a new skill. Right? For that we will create a function that will handle the key press. So let's add con handle key press equal to one arrow function. And in this one we will get the event. Right? And after that let's add if statement. And in this if statement we'll add E dot key that is event dot key equal to enter. Then we will add E dot prevent default and uh it will call the add skill function like this. That's it. So we have created the functions here. After that, let's create the layout that will be displayed on the web page. So in this div, first we'll add the class name and provide the space from Y. So just add a space Y for after that let's create a div here. And in this div we will add the text. So let me provide S3 tag and in this S3 tag we will add a skills and then we have to add the small description. So let's write add your technical and soft skills. Now we'll add the classes for this title and a small text. So we'll add the class name and provide these classes for the title. And let's add the classes for this a small description also. That's it. Now after closing of this div here we will add another div where we will add the input field. So for this div name property provide flex and gap two and then we'll add the input field here. So the input type will be text right and after that here we have to add the placeholder. So in the placeholder we have added enter a skill right and after that here we will add some classes. So just add the class name property and provide flex. Then we'll provide the padding for X Y and then text a small. Now in this one we have to add the onchange property. So let's add a space here. And in this one let's add onchange property. And let's add the arrow function. Here we'll get the event. And after that let's call this setter function set new skill. And here just add E.target. target dot value. That's it. And after that we have to add the value property also. And in this value property let's add new skill. Then we have to add on key down property. And in this on key down property let's add this function handle key press. That's it. And after that here we have to add a button also. So after this input field let's add the button. In this button first we have to add the plus icon. So just add this plus from Lucid React and uh here we will set the size. So let's add the size four. And then we have to add the text called add that will add the new skill. Now in this button we'll add some classes also to design this button. So we'll add the class name property here and provided these classes. Now after that we have to add the on click property. So just add on click and in this on click we'll add add a skill. Then we have to add disabled and in this disabled let's add not of new skill dot trim. So if we don't type anything in the input field then this button will be disabled. Right now after that we have to display the added skills in this list. So just after this closing div let's let's add curly braces data dot length. So if we have the skills right so just add greater equal to zero. So in this case we have to add a div like this. And suppose we don't have that. So here we'll add colon and provide this parenthesis. And in this one we'll add another div. Now in this first one let's add the class name property first and provide these classes and then let's display all the skill data. Uh so just add the data dot map and use the add a function. Now in this one we will get the individual scale and index number. Right? So let's add it here. And after that here we'll add the aspan tag. Now in this aspan tag first we have to add the key property and in this key just provide the index and after that in this aspan we'll add some classes also. So let's add the class name property provide these classes and within this span tag we have to display the skill right. So just add the skill here and after that here we have to add the button also using that button we can remove this skill right. So we have added the button tag and in this button tag we have to add the cross icon or X icon. So just import it from lucid react and after that let's set the height and width for this X icon and then in this button we'll add some classes. So just add the class name property provide these classes right and in this button we have to add the onclick property. So let's add the onclick property and provide the add a function here. And uh after that let's add function that is remove a skill. And in this one we have to provide the index. So it will remove that particular skill. So if the skill is added it will be displayed with this cross icon and a skill text. Right? Now if the skill is not available then in this div let's add the icon a sparkles import it from usage react and after that for this icon let's add the classes right and after that here we have to add the text no skills added yet correct then we'll add another text here in p tags So let me add the text here that is add your technical and soft skills above. Now in this one we have to set the font size. So we have added the class name here and provided text small. Right? Now in this div also we have to add the classes. So just add the class name property. And in this one let's add text center padding from Y and text color. That's it. And after that let's come here just before this closing tag that is the last closing div. Here we'll add another div. And in this one we have to add one message. So let's add the message in P tag. So the message is this one. Here we have added this message and before this message we have to add one text in a strong tag. So just add a strong tag and in this strong tag just add tip correct. Now in this P tag let's add some classes provide these Telvin classes and we'll add the classes in this div also. So here let's add these Telvin classes. Now after adding it we have to mount this skill form component in our rumé builder. So we will open rumi builder and in this one let's duplicate the last code here and in this one we'll provide the section ID. So the section ID is a skills. Let's add it here. And after that here we'll add the component name that is a skills form. It has been imported. Then we'll add rum data dot skills. And here we'll add a skills. That's it. So let's save the changes and open the web page. And now if I click on this next button, you can see we are in the last step because this progress bar is full. Right? And here we have the text skills. And here we have the input field and add button. And here we have the text because we don't have any skills yet. Now in this one, let me add the skill first. So first we'll add the JavaScript. Click add. So you can see the JavaScript has been added. Now let's add ReactJS. Click on add button. It is added here. Here we have the cross icon also to remove it. You can see it has been removed. Let's add it again. Now let me add next skill full stack development. Let me add new one. Get We'll add GitHub. Then we'll add next JS. Let's add Express. We'll add NodeJS. Let's add typescript. Now after adding it, you can see these skills will be displayed here in this template. You can see here we have the skills section and we have the list of a skills. Right? So till now we have added the form to add the information in this rumé. Next we have to create one save changes button. Right? It will be displayed here. So to create that let me just come back here in the réumé builder and in this rumé builder here we will create a button. So just after this div we will add a button. Now in this button we will add the text called save changes and then we'll add the class name in this button to design this button. So here we have added these classes right now save the changes and come back here. So here we have this button save changes. If I come to the previous one here also we have the save changes button. So in each section we can see this button to update the changes. Right? And if I change the template you can see the details has been updated here. Here we have the education detail. Here we have the skills. Here we have the experience. Right? If I change to next one. Here we have the experience education skills. Right? And uh here we have the classic template. Right? And we can change the color also. Now let me switch to this one. And after that here we have to add the feature so that we can either make the réumé public or private and we can also save this rumé and we can also download this réumé. Correct. For that let me just come back and here you can see we have the right panel div. Right. And in this one we have added one div with the comment buttons. Right. So in this one let's create our buttons. So here we have a div and uh in this div let me write class name property and provide relative and widthful. So the position will be relative and after that here we will add another div. Now in this one let's add class name absolute and we have added the position for this div. Now after that here let's add curly braces. We will provide rum data dot public. So if the public is true then we will display a button. So let's add the button tag here. So this button will be displayed when the réumé is public. It means the public property is true. Now in this button we have to add the share icon. So when the ré is public then only we will display the share icon. So let's add share to icon. It has been imported from Lucid React. And after that we'll add the class name property here and we'll set the size four. Now in this button we have to add some classes to design this button. So we have added the class name property and provided these classes. Then we'll add the onclick property and in this onclick we have to add a function using that we can share this rumé. So we'll create that function later. First we'll create the button. So let me just remove it. And now let's create our next button. So just here we'll create another button. And in this button we have to add the icon. So let's add I of based on the public status or property. Right? So first let's check the rumé is public or private. So just add curly braces ré data dot public and when it is true in this case we'll add i icon. I icon has been imported here and in this icon let's set the size and after that let's add the colon here and provide opening arrow I of icon and import this icon and here also we will set the size right and after that here we have to add the text. So again add curly braces and provide this one resumeum data dot public and question mark. So we have added the turnary operator and when it is true we will add public right and else we will add private. So this button will be used to make the réumé public or private. After that here we have to add the classes also. Right? So in this button we'll add the class name property provide these classes. Next we'll add one more button that is download right. So here we'll add another button and in this one let's add the class name property and uh here we will provide these classes and then we have to add the download icon here. So just add download icon from Lucid React and in this one we will set the size. So just add the class name and size will be four and after that we have to add the text also that is download that is the rumé download button. Correct. Now let's open our web page. So here you can see we have two button that is private and download. But right now you can see this button is not aligned properly. So let me just come back and here in this button tag we have to update this class. Let me just correct it. It will be flex. Correct this. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see we have two buttons. Next we have to add the functionality here so that we can click on these buttons. So we have to create the functions. So I'll just come back to the VS code and uh here let's create a function using that we can make the resumeumé public or private right so before this return a statement let's create our first function so just add con change rum visibility equal to async add a function Now in this function let's use the setter function set resume data and here let's add curly braces a spread operator resumeum data comma public and in this public property we will change the value. So just add not of réumé data dot public. So if it is public it will make it private. It means it will change the value from true to false or false to true. So we have added this function change rum visibility. Next we'll add next function that is say rumé. Right? So let's add the add a function here with the name handle share and after that here let's add con and write the front end URL. We need the webpage URL, right? And here we'll add window dot location dot href. Then we'll add dot a split. And in this one, let's add / app slash. And here let's add index zero. So we will get the base URL and after that here we'll add const resumeum URL. So the resumeum URL will be front end URL plus let's add path / view slash and then we'll add the resumeum id like this. So we have created the URL and after that let's add if and let's add navigator dots shared. If navigator dots share if it is true it means it is supported right. So here we'll add navigator dot share and in this one let's add curly braces URL and let's provide the rumé URL and after that we'll add comma and provide the text and in this text let's add my rumé like this and after that here we'll add the else statement. And in this else statement, let's add alert. And uh let's add the text called share not supported on this browser. So if the navigator dosshare is not available then it will display this alert message. Now after that we'll create a next function using that we can download the rum. Right? So let's add const and write the function name download rumé and after that here let's add window dot print. That's it let me update this arrow. Now it is correct. After that we have to link these functions with our button. So let's scroll down. Here we have the right panel div and this is the first button. So in this one just add on click property and in this on click we will add handle share function. We have created the function with this name handle share and after that let's come to the second button. We'll add on click property here and in this one we'll add change rumé visibility. Now let's come to the third button and in this third button just add on click property and let's provide download réum save the changes and open the web page. Now let me just click on this private button. So now you can see it is public right and here we have the share icon. With this share icon we have to add the shared text also. So to add it, we'll come back to the VS code and here you can see we have the share to icon. So let's add the text also share. Save the changes and come back here. So now you can see we have the share button. And if I click again, so it will make the resumeumé private and we don't have the share icon. Let's click again. Here we have the share icon. Now if I click here it will open the application where we can share this réumé and here we have the rumé link. Now just come here and now let's try this download button. I'll just click on this download button. So you can see it is printing our rumés. So you can print the rumé as PDF file right now. Let me cancel it and we'll change the template. I'll choose this template and click on download. So you can see you can download the réumé in different template. Let's choose the next one. We'll choose this classic. Click on download. So now you can download the réumé in another template. Right? We can also change the color. Let's choose this color. Choose this template. Click on download. So you can download the réumé in PDF file in this template. So all the features are working here. You can download the réumé in PDF file. You can change the color. Next, we have to create the rumé preview page where user can see your rumé if it is public. To view our réumé preview page in this URL, we will type / view and then we will type any id. So, you can see it is opening this preview page, right? So we don't have any réumé with this ID. So let me open any other rumé. Here we have some pre-built rums. So let's open it. And if I click on this share icon here we will get the preview link. Right? So just copy this link and open it here in this web browser. So in this URL you can see we have the path /view/ ID and here we have the réumé data. But still we are getting this text preview page. Right? So we have to design this page. Here we have to display our preview component. So let me just come back here and uh after that let's open the sidebar and in this one you can see we have the pages folder and in this pages folder we have already created this preview.jsx file. Let's open it. In this one, we have this text preview page. Right? Now, in this one, we need the rumé data and we have the réumé ID in the URL. So, let's get the ID first. So, just add const before this return statement. We have added const curly braces rumé id. And let's get this rumé id from use padoms. and the use patterns will get imported from react router DOM. So now we have the rum id and after that using this réumé id we have to get the rum data right and we will store that rum data in a state. So let's create one state here. So I'll write con resumeumi data and the setter function name is set resumeumi data equal to use a state and let's initialize it using null. After that here we have to create a function that will load the rumé data. So let's add cost load resumeum equal to async arrow function. In this one we will use the setter function set rum data. And in this one let's use the dummy data available in the assets file. So just add dummy rumé data. It has been imported from the assets. After that here we'll add the find method. Just add dot find. Now here we'll add the add function with the individual réumé in the parameter and after that let's add the rum dot id equal to rumé id and then we'll add or null. After that we have to execute this function whenever the component gets loaded. So let's add use effect. And in this use effect we will provide the arrow function and dependency array. And in this function simply call load rum function. So whenever the component gets loaded it will call this function and this function will fetch the resumeum data using this rumé id and store the data in this state. Right? And if the ID is not valid then we will not get anything in this rum data. It will be null right because here we have added null. Now it may take few seconds to load the data when we will fetch the data from the database. Right? Now we are fetching from the assets. Right? So that's why we will create the loading page also or loading component that will be displayed until it fetch the réumé data. So to create the loading component, let's come here in the components folder and in this one we'll create a new component. So create a new file called loader.jsx. Then write rafce. So in this div let's add the class name property. And in this one let's add flex item center justify center and height a screen. After that in the center we have to create a div that will be rotating. So we have added another div here and in this one just add the class name property and let's set the size then border. Then we'll add the border color gray 400. Then the border top will be transparent and rounded full. So it will be a circle. And here we have added animate spin. So it will be rotating. So we have created the loader component. After that let's open the preview. JSX file. And in this one let's come here and remove this text. Now in this one first we have to check the rum data. So here we have the rum data state. Let's add it here after this return. So let's add rum data question mark. So if the rumé data is available in that case we will display the data. So here we have added the question mark using that we will create the turnary operator right and after that here we'll add colon and this parenthesis. So in this one we will display the content that will be displayed when the réumé data is not available right. So either it will display the loading component or it will display that the réumé not found. So let's complete the first div when the rumé data is available. So here let's add the class name property and provide the background. Here we have added this background color and after that we will add another div and in this div we have to add the maximum width. So just add class name maximum width 3xl then margin x auto and padding y. Now in this div we will add the component that we have already created. You can see in this components folder we have the réumé preview.jsx file right. So let's mount it here. Rume preview component has been imported here. Now in this one we have to provide the data as props. So let's add the data here. In this one just add rum data. After that we have to provide the template. So let's add rum data dot template. And after that we have to provide the ascent color. And in this ascent color let's add rumi data dot ascent color. Then in this one we have to add the class name property. So let's provide class name and we have added padding y and background white. That's it. So if the rumé data is available it will be displayed. Now suppose it takes time to load the rumé data then it will display the loading animation or if the loading is complete and we don't get any rum then we'll display the message like rum not found suppose we have the invalid ID right so in that case we will say rumé not found so in this one let's add a div and here let's add turnary operator so we will add one a state here. So let's scroll up and here we'll create one estate for the loading. So let's add con is loading and the setter function name is set is loading and let's add use a state and initialize it using true. So whenever the complaint gets loaded this loading a state will be true right and here we have this load resumeum function. So after loading the réumé data it will make it false. So here let's use the set function set loading and let's make it false. Save the changes. And now let's come here. Here we will add is loading a state question mark. So when the loading is true, we have to display the loader component. So let's add loader component. Import it from the components folder. Correct. Then we'll add the colon here and provide parenthesis. And in this one, let's add a div that will be displayed when the réumé id is invalid. So here first we'll add the message. So the message is réumé not found. And after that we'll add a link. Using that we can navigate the users on homepage. So in this a tag let's add one arrow or arrow icon. So let's add arrow left icon imported from the lucid react and then we'll add the class name property. In this one we will add the margin from the right and size four. Then we have to add the text here that is go to homepage like this. Now let's add some classes also. So let's start with this div. In this div we have added these Telvin classes. Then we have to add the classes in this message that is in the P tag. So here we have added these classes and then we will add the classes in the A tag to decorate our link. So let's add the class name property and provide these classes. Now let's save the changes and open the web page. So you can see here we have the réumé preview page and we have the rumé data right. Let me reload it. You can see it is quickly displaying this data because it is coming from the local file that is the asset file. And if it takes time it will display the loading animation and after that it will display this rumé preview. And if we add any invalid ID here in this URL. So if I type any invalid ID now you can see the message resum not found and here we have the link go to homepage. If I just come back here you can see we have added the href right. So in this href we have to add the path of homepage. So let's add forward slash that's it and come back here and let's click on this button go to homepage. So you can see it is opening the homepage. So if I come to this dashboard here we have this create réumé where you can create a new rumé. Here you can upload the existing rumé and edit it. And then we have the created rumé list. Right? If I open the second one this is the created rumé. We can update it from these input field. Right? And we can preview it. So I'll click on this share. Copy this link and paste it in the new tab. So this is the live preview of our réumé that you can share to anyone. So finally we have completed the front end of our réumé builder application. Next we have to create the backend server where we will create the APIs and then we will link the backend server with this front end. To create the backend server, let me just come back to the VS code. In this VS code, you can see here we have these files in this client folder, right? So, let me collapse it or fold this client folder. Here we have the sample rumé. So, let me just delete it. And uh after that, let's close all these files. So, I'll right click and select close saved. And after that in this project folder that is réumé builder we will create a new folder where we'll create the backend server. So let's create a new folder in this rumé builder. So write the folder name server. Now in this server folder we will create a file. So create a new file here and write the file name server.js. So this will be the main file to start our backend server. After that right click on this server folder and select open in integrated terminal. So you can see here we are in the terminal and we are at server directory. So right now we have two terminals. Let me switch the terminals from here. So you can see this is the first one where the front end is running. And if I come to this one, this is the server terminal or backend terminal. Now in this one, we have to add npm in it dash y. Then press enter. After that it will create the package.json file. You can see here in this server folder we have package.json. And uh here you can see the name version main then we have the scripts and then here we have the description. Now in this backend server we have to add some dependencies that we will use to create the backend server and for that we are going to use the express right. So let me just come here in this terminal and let's add npm install and write the dependencies name. So here we will install the express package. Using this express we will create the backend server. After that we will install env. Using that we can use the environment variables in our project. After that we'll add course. Using this course package we will allow the back end to connect with any other URL. After that here we will add brypt package. Using this brypt package we will encrypt the user's password. Then we will add JSON web token package. Using this package, we'll create the token and using this token, we will authenticate the users. Next, we will add mongus package because we are going to use the MongoDB database. And to connect with MongoDB database, we will use the mongus package. After that, let's add malter. So, we will use this malter middleware to handle the file upload. So now you can see this command npm install express envon web token mongus and malter. After that let's press enter. So it is installing all these dependencies. So it has been installed. Now we will add one more dependency. For that here we'll add npm install dash save dash dev and then we'll add the dependency name that is nodemon. So here we have added dashdev using that it will install this dependency in the development server only. then press enter. We have added nodemon and after that let me hide this terminal and let's open the package dojson file. So in this package dojson file you can see we have the list of dependencies where you can see decrypt cause env token then we have the mongus and malar and here we have the dev dependencies and in this dev dependencies we have nodemon right after that here we have to add the type right now you can see we don't have the type property here. So let's add double quote type and in this type we will select module. So the default value is common JS. So let's choose module and after that we can use the import statement in this project. Next you can see we have the scripts. So we will use this start script that will execute node server.js. So it will execute our main file. Let me remove this test. Right now we will add one more script here. So let me just duplicate this one only. And here we will add the name. So let's add the name server. And whenever we will use this server script, it should execute nodemon server.js. That's why we have added the nodemon package. So here we have added nodemon server.js. Using this nodemon it will automatically restart the backend server whenever we will make any changes. Else we have to restart the server manually without nodemon. So let me save the changes and let's come to our main file that is server.js file. And in this one we have to create a basic express application. For that we are going to add import express from the express package. And after importing express here we will import course. Let's import the course from course. Then we will import the env. So just add importv/config right and after that here let's create an app using this express. So we will write con app equal to express and here we have created the express app and after that here we have to provide a port number where we will run the express application. So we'll add cost port equal to and here we will add process dot env dot port. So if the port is available in the environment variable that will be used and else we will add port number 30,000. So it will start the project on 30,000 when we will start the project locally. Then we have to add the middleware in this express app. So here let's add this app dot use and let's add the express dot JSON. So all the request will be passed using this JSON method for this express app. And after that let's add app dot use. And here let's add the course function like this. After that let's create the first route that is the home route. So we'll add app dot get method and the path will be slash that is the home. Then we will add the add function. So whenever we will hit this home route then it will execute this function. Now in this function we will get the request and response as parameter and here let's send the response. So just add response dot send method and in this one let's add the message that is server is live. So it will send this message when we will hit this route using the get method. After that we have to start our express application. So we'll simply add app dot listen and here we have to add the port number and a function. So first we'll add the port variable and then we will add the function and in this function simply add console log. Now in this console log let me add the message. So here let's add back tick server is running on port and here we will insert the port. So just add dollar sign curly braces and port. That's it. So here we have created the basic or simple express app. Now to check it we have to open the web browser. But before that we have to start our backend server. So let's open the terminal again. And you can see we are in the server directory in this terminal. So here let's add npm run server and press enter. Now you can see the message server is running on port 3000. Correct. After that, let's open the web browser and here we will type localhost col 3000. So you can see the message server is live. So we have successfully created the basic express app. Correct? Now we have to connect our project with the database. For that we are going to use MongoDB Atlas. So let me open a new tab and search for MongoDB Atlas. Open this link Atlas database and here I'll click on this sign in link. If you don't have any account you can click on this sign up and create your account and let me login with my existing account. So I'll click on this Google icon or button. After sign up, it will ask few questions and then you will see this screen create a project. So here it will add the project name. So I'll write resumeum builder and uh let me write for recording. You can write anything in this project name. Then click on next and then click on create project. After that you will see this button create a cluster. So I'll click on this button. Next we will choose this third option. So we will choose this third plan that is available for free. And after that you can choose the nearest region from this dropdown. And you can also choose your provider. So I'll choose this Google cloud provider and click on this button create deployment. Next, it is asking to create a database user, right? And here you need to add a username and password. So, let me keep the username and password simple. All right, the username great attack and then we'll add the password here. So, here you can see we have some autogenerated password. You can use the same password or you can create your own simple password. I'll write greater tag 1 2 3. Make sure to use the simple password. Never use at the rate or hashtag in this password. Else it will create an issue while connecting with the database. So here we have added a username and simple password. And then click on this button create database user. After that click on this button choose a connection method and then let's choose this drivers and here we have the drop-down so let's choose mongus and then you can see the step npm install mongus so we have already installed the mongus package then you can see we have the connection string in this string you can see we have the username also and then we have the password also so you can simply copy the string or if you want to hide the password from here you can uncheck this so it will be hidden and you need to type the password manually so let me enable it and copy this URL and make sure to copy this URL from beginning to this text that is mongodb.net don't copy the complete URL you can see the URL is very long till here right so you need to copy it till here mongodb.net net. Let's just copy and click on this button. Done. After that, we have to add the connection string or MongoDB URI in our project. So, let me just come back here in the VS Code. And here in this server folder, let's create a new file and write the file name. And in this env file, let's write environment variable name MongoDB URI equal to and here let's paste this MongoDB connection string. So let's see this string again. It is starting with this MongoDB plus SRV. Then we have the username and password. Then add the rate and cluster name. Then we have some id and then mongodv.net. So it should end with mongodv.net only. Don't add this forward slash at the end. If it is there remove it. Now let's save the changes. So we have added the mongodv uri. After that just come back here and next we have to enable the access from any IP address. So in this left sidebar you can see we have the security and in this one we have the database and network access. So let me just click here and after that let's come here in the IP access list you can see in the left side we have the network access and in this network access we have the IP access list. Let's open it. So here it will display your current IP address. So just click on delete and then click on this add IP address and then click on this allow access from anywhere. I'll click here. So it will add 00 IP address. Click on confirm. So it will take few seconds to update the status. Right now it is pending. So just wait for this a status to be active and after that you can connect with your database. So now you can see the a status is active. So let me just come back to the VS code and here we will connect this project with MongoDB database. For that we have to create a config file. So in this server folder let's create a folder and write the folder name configs. And in this config folder we will create a new file and write the file name db.js where we will store the database configuration. Right now here let's add import mongus from mongus package. After that we have to create a function here. So let's add the function con connect DV equal to async add function and after that in this function we will add the try catcher statement and in this try block first we will create the event. So let's add mongus dot connection dot on and after that here we'll add the event name connected then comma and here we will add the function. So whenever the application will get connected with the mongodv it will execute this function right. So in this function let's add console.log and here we will add the message that is database connected successfully. So we have registered one event and after that let's get the MongoDB URI. So I'll write the variable here. Let mongodv URI equal to process env dot and the environment variable name. So just copy the name and paste it here. It is MongoDB URI. After that here we have to add the project name. So I'll write con project name equal to and let's write rum builder and after that here we'll add if statement if not of MongoDB URI. Suppose the MongoDB URI is not available. So in this condition we will throw the error. So just add throw new error and we will write the message. So the message is MongoDB URI environment variable not set. Now we'll add another if statement. So in this one let's add MongoDB URI dot end with suppose you didn't remove the forward slash from the end right so here we are checking that if the MongoDB URI ends with forward slash so in that case we have to remove this forward slash so let's add the MongoDB URI equal to MongoDB URI dot slice and let's add 0 comma minus one. So it will remove that forward slash and after that here we'll add a weight and use the mongus dot connect method and here we have to provide the connection a string with the project name. So let's add back text dollar sign curly braces and provide the MongoDB URI and then forward slash and then again add dollar sign curly braces and provide the project name. That's it. Now let's come here in the catch block. So here let's add console. And we'll write the error message. So let me type error connecting to MongoDB and then we will display the actual error here. So let's just copy and paste it here. So we have created this function connect DV. Now let's export this function so that we can use it in any other file. So let's add export default connect DV. Now after that we have to add it in the main file that is server.js file because we will start the server.js file and it should connect the project with database. So here after this port number let me write the comment. So the comment is database connection right and then we'll add await and provide the function connect DV. You can see we are getting the suggestion here to import the connect DB from the config folder. Just click here and execute this function using this parenthesis. And you can see the connect DB has been imported from the config folder DV file. So here we have to update the file name. It will be db.js. Make sure to add the file name extension also. Now let's save the changes and again open the terminal. So in this terminal you can see we have the message database connected successfully and after that server is running on port 3000. So once you see this message database connected successfully it means we have successfully configured the MongoDB database in our express app. Let me hide this terminal. After connecting the database next we have to create the functionality using that we can create the account and we can login with the existing account. It means we have to create the user authentication. So we have to store the user data in the MongoDB database and to store any data in the database we have to create the schema right and for that let's come here in this server folder and in this server folder we'll create a new folder called models and in this models folder we will create the user model right so just create a new file and write the file name user dot js. Now in this one we have to create the schema. For that let's add import mongus from mongus and after that let's add const user a schema and it will be equal to new mongus dot schema constructor and here we will define the properties that will be added for the user data. So first we have to store the user's name. So let's add the name property here. And in this name property, let's define the type. So the type will be a string. And after that we'll add the required property. So it will be true. Then add comma and duplicate this line. Then we'll add the email property. In this email also we will add the type a string required true. And with that we will add unique. So the unique will be true. So the email id should be unique to create a new user account. After that let's duplicate it. Here we'll add the password property and then we'll add the type a string required true and remove this unique. After that here we'll add the comma and provide another object and in this object we will add the timestamps and let's make it true. So whenever a new user data will be created it will automatically add the timestamp. After that in this user schema we will add one method also. So just add user schema dot methods and write the method name compare password. We will use this method to compare the password while login. So let's add a function and in this parameter we will provide the user's password that user will provide right and after that let's add return and in this return we will use the brypt package. So just add brypt it is not coming here. So first we have to import it. So let's add import brypt from brypt package and let's add it here. And in this brypt we will get the compare sync method and here we have to provide the provided password and then we will provide this dot password. So this is the password which is stored in the database. After that using this user schema we have to create the user model. So I'll write con user equal to mongus dot model and after that we'll add the model name. So the model name is user and then we'll add the schema here. So let's add this user schema. So here we have created the user model and let's export this user model from this file. So just add export default user so that we can use this user model in any other file. So we have created the user model to store the data in the database. Next we have to create the functions using that we can store the data in database. We will store the user data right. So we have to create the controller function. So in this server folder, let's create a new folder and write the folder name controllers. And in this controllers folder, we will create the file called user controller.js. So create a new file user controller.js JS file and after that here we have to create a function using that we can register a new user. So let's create a new function. So type export con register user equal to a sync add function. Now in this function parameter we will get the request and response like this. So in this one we have to provide some data. So we will use the post method to request this function and the path will be / API/ users/register. We are adding this in the comment right. And let me add one more comment here that is controller for user registration. So this is the user registration controller function and this will be the path and this will be the type post type. Now in this one we'll add the try catch statement and after that let's add const curly braces and here we will get the data from the request dot body. Now in this request we will get the name, email and password. So the user will provide these data to create an account. Now let's add the comment here that is check if required fields are present. So for that we'll add if statement and here we'll add not of name, not of email or not of password. If any of this data is missing. So in this case we will add return and here we will send the response. So just add response dot a status and let's add the status code 400. Then we'll add dot JSON and in this JSON we'll add the message property. So the message will be missing required fields. Now suppose all the data are available then we have to check whether this email already exist or not. So here let's add check if user already exist. So in this case first we'll add one variable here const user equal to and await. And now we will use the user model. So let's type user and we are getting this suggestion. So just click here to import it from the models folder. You can see it has been imported here. So let's move it here at the top. And here we have to add the file name extension. So just add user.js. So user model has been imported. Now after that just add dot find one and in this one just add curly braces and provide the email that user has provided in the request. Correct? And after that we'll add the if statement and write user. Suppose we found any user. So in that case we will not create the account. So let's add return statement and copy this line. Copy and paste it here. Here also we'll add a status 400. Then JSON and in this JSON will add the message property and provide the message that is user already exist. Now suppose there is no user then we'll create a new user right but before creating the user we have to encrypt the password. So let's add the command here create new user and then we'll add const hashed password equal to await and let's use the brypt package. Again we have to import the brypt. So scroll up and let's add import brypt from brypt package and let's add it here. We will add await brypt dot hash and here let's provide the password. Then we'll add value 10. Then we have to create a new user in the database. So let's add con new user equal to await and we will use the user model dot create method. So it will create a new entry in the database and here we have to store the name. Then we will store the email and after that we will store the password property. And in this password property let's store this hashed password like this. So here we have created a new user in the database and after creating the user we have to generate a token and that token will be sent in the response right and to generate the token let me create a separate function. So I'll scroll up and here let's add con generate token equal to add a function and uh after that here we have to provide the user ID. So let's add the user ID in the parameter and then we will add const token equal to we will use JSON web token package. So let's add import JWT from JSON web token and let's add it here token equal to JWT dot sign and in this sign method let's provide the user id and after that we have to provide one secret key. So let's open env file and here let me add the environment variable. So here at the top we'll add jwt secret and here you can write any secret text. So I'll type any random secret. You can write anything in this secret value and after that come here. Now let's import that secret key from the environment variable. For that let's add process env secret. Then we'll add the comma and here we will provide the expiry date or time for the token. So let's add expires in and then we'll add the value 7D. It means the token will get expired in 7 days. And then we'll add return and provide the token. So this function will generate and return the token when we provide the user ID. Right? So after creating the account here we have to generate and return the token. So let's add the message here. So I'll write return success message. So first we'll add cost token equal to generate token function. And in this one we have to provide the user id. So here we have the new user right. So let's add the new user dot id. So this underscore id property is autogenerated by mongodv database. After that here we have to add new user dot password and let's add undefined because we have to return this new user in the response. After that let's add the return statement and then write response dot a status and in this status we'll add 2.1 then we'll add dot JSON and in this JSON we'll add the message property. So let's add the message user created successfully. Then we'll add the comma and write token. So we will return the token and then we'll add the comma and provide user. And in this user property let's provide this new user. So we have returned the status then message and token and user. Right now suppose any error occurs in the try block then catch block will be executed. So in this catch block we'll add the return. So just add return response dot a status and let's add the status 400. And then we'll add dot JSON. And here we'll add the message. So I'll add the message. It will be this error dot message property. That's it. So now we have created this controller function. Using that user can create an account. Next we have to create the function. Using that user can login into existing account. So here first we'll add the comment. So I'll just copy this paste it here. So I'll write the comment controller for user login and after that here we'll add the path. So the path will be / API/ users/ login. So this will be the API path and after that we have to create a function. So I'll just copy this function and paste it here. So in this one we need the email and password. We don't need the name while login. So we will get the email and password from the request.body and let me update the function name also. So the function name is login user. After that here we will check if user exist. Right? So let me remove this and let's add this check if user exist. So just add con user equal to await user.find find one and provide the email and when we don't have the user so just add if not of user then we will return the response with a status 400 and then we'll add the message so the message is invalid email or password right and after that we have to verify the password so let's add the comment so I'll write the comment here check if password is correct So let me add the if statement and in this one we'll add not of user dot compared password and here we have to provide the password. So just copy and paste it here and then let's add return and here also we will add the same message. So just copy and paste it here. So if the password is not same then we'll return this response with message invalid email or password. Now suppose the password is also same. So in that case we have to generate the token right and we will also send the success message. So just add the comment here return success message and after that let's add this line that is con token and generate token using the user id. So here we have this user. So simply provide user dot id and after that in this user we have to add dot password. So just add user dot password undefined and then we will send the response using return response do a status and let's add a status 200 right and after that we will add the message. So in this message let's type login successful and then we will return the token and then we'll return the user like this and let's come here in the catch block. So in the catch block we have added return response do a status 400 and then we have the JSON where we have added message it will be error dot message. So we have created the function using that user can login with existing account. Next we have to create the controller function using that we can get the user data using the user ID. Right? So let's add the comment here. I'll write the comment controller for getting user by ID. And after that here we'll add the next comment where we'll add the type of this API. Then we'll add the API path. It will be / API/ users/ data. Next we have to create the function. So I'll just copy this function. Copy and paste it here. And now let me update the function name. So I'll write the function name get user by ID. Correct. Now in this one we need the id only. So let me just clear this. So in this try block we will add const and then we'll add the user ID equal to request dot user ID. So here you can see we are getting the user ID from the request but we are not adding the user ID in the request. The user ID will be added using a middleware that we will create later. So for now let me write user ID will be request dot user ID and after that we have to get the user data from this ID. So let's add the comment check if user exist right. So let's write con user equal to await and then we'll add user model dot find by id and provide the user ID. Now we'll add the if statement not of user. Suppose there is no user with this ID. In that case we have to send the response here. So let's add this statement. I'll just copy and paste it here that is return response do a status and it will be 44 and then JSON and message property. In this message property let's add user not found right and suppose the user data is available with this user ID. So here let's add the comment called return user and let's add the user dot password and in this password just add undefined. Then we'll add return a statement. So here we have the return statement return response dot a status it will be 200 and then we have the JSON. So in this JSON just provide the user like this and here we have the catch block where we have added a status 400 and the message will be error dot message. So we have created the API controller function. Using that we can return the user data using the user ID and then we have to create the middleware also. That middleware will add the user ID in this request. Now let's create that middleware first. So I'll open this sidebar and here let's create a new folder. So in this server folder we'll create a new folder called middlewares and in this middleware folder let's create a file. So write the file name o middleware.js. Now in this one let's add the function. So I'll write const protect. We will add the function name protect and write the async arrow function. In this function parameter we will get the request response and next function. Right. And after that here let's add con token equal to request dot headers dot authorization. So whenever the user is logged in then we will send the headers and in the headers we will send the authorization property where we will add the token. So here we will get that token and after that let's verify the token. So just add if not of token. So in this case we will simply add return and here let's add the response dot status 4001 or 4.1 and dot JSON and message is unauthorized. Now suppose the token is available. So here let's add the try catch a statement. Now in this one we have to decode the token. So let's add con decoded equal to and let's add JWT. So here let's import the JWT. We will add import JWT from JSON web token because we have created the token using JWT. So let's add decoded equal to JWT dot verify and after that let's provide the token and then we will provide the process dot env dot the secret key or secret variable. So just add JWT secret right and after that let's add the request dot user id property. So in the request we are adding the user id property equal to this decoded dot user id because we have created the token using the user ID. So we can extract the user id from this decoded token and it will be added in the request right and after that we will simply call the next function that will execute our controller function. Now let's come here in the catch block. So in this catch block just add the return statement we'll add return response dot status 4.1 then JSON and in this message we'll add unauthorized. After that we have to export this protect function. So let's add export default protect. That's it. So you can see we have added the user ID in this request. And if I open the user controller in this one you can see here we have the user ID in this request. So this user id will be added using the protect middleware. After that using this controller function we have to create the API endpoint. For that we'll create different routes and for that we are going to create the routes file. So here in this server folder we'll create a new folder called routes. And in this one just create the file called user routes.js. Now in this one we have to create the router using the express package. So let's add import express from express and after that let's add const user router equal to express dot router. Now in this router we have to add different path or endpoint. So let's add user router dot post method and here we'll add the path. So the path will be register and then we'll add the comma and here we have to add the controller function. So let's write register user import it from the controllers folder. You can see register user has been imported. Here we will add the file name extension usercontroller.js. So we have created the first route. Now just duplicate it. Here we'll add user router.post and / path. So the path will be login. And let's update the function. So it will be login user. Import it. You can see the login user has been imported from the controller. After that duplicate it. And in this one we will change the type. So it will be get user router.get. get and here we have to get the user data right so just add the path / data and then we have to add the function that is get user by id. So this get user by id has been imported. Now in this one we have to add the middleware also right. So you can see in this controller we are getting the user ID and this user ID will be added using the middleware called protect right. So just come here in the routes and here before this controller function let me provide protect. Just click here to import the product from the middlewares. Add the comma here. Now you can see this protect middleware has been imported from the middlewares folder o middleware js file. That's it. So now we have created three route register login and data. As you can see we have created three controller function also. Right after that let's open our server.js file. And in this one we have to add our user router. So after this home route let's add app dot use. And in this one we have to add the path. So it will be / ai/ users and then we'll add the comma and provide user router. So we are not getting the suggestion here. So first we have to export the user router. I'll just come here and in this one let's add export default user router. And after that we'll open server.js file. And now if I type user router we are getting this suggestion. Just click here. And now you can see the user router has been imported from the routes user routes dot js file. So finally we have created the API using that we can authenticate the user. User can login register and we can display the user data using these API. Next we have to create the API. Using that we can get the list of réumé created by any user. For that we have to create the réumé model so that we can store and get the data from the database. So let's open the sidebar and in this models folder we will create a file and write the file name rum.js. So in this one we have to create our resume model. For that we will use mongus package. So let's write import mongus from mongus package. After that we have to create the schema. So I'll write con réumé schema equal to new mongus dot schema. And in this one, let's define the properties that will be added in the resumeumé data. So first we will add the user ID and in this user ID let's define the type. So I'll write type. So the type will be mongus dot schema dot types dot object id. And after that here we'll add the reference. So let's add the reference of our user model. So let's add user. So here we have to add the user ID for each rumé. After that we will add the comma here. And let's add the next property. So we will store the title of rum. So I'll write title and then let's write type. So the type will be a string and after that we'll add the default value. So the default value will be untitled réumé. Now let's add comma and here we'll add the next property. So next we will store the public data. It means whether the réumé is public or private. So here let's add type. So the type will be boolean and the default value is false. So it means by default the réumé will be private. Next we have to add the template. So here we have to set the default template for any rumé. So we have added template property. The type will be a string and the default value is classic. After that we have to provide the ascent color for the rumé template. So let's write ascent color and the type will be a string and we have added the default value and this color code. Next we have to add the professional summary property. So in this professional summary property let's add the type a string and by default it will be empty string. Correct? Now just duplicate it. Here we'll add the a skills property. So in this skills let's add the array like this and here let's add the type. So the type will be a string. Then we have to add the comma here and here also. And after this skills we have to add the personal info. In this personal info, we have to store the user's full name, profession, email, phone number, location, LinkedIn URL, website URL and image. So here we have added the personal info property. It will be one object. And in this object, let's add the other properties name. So first we'll add the image. In this one, we have to store the image URL. So the type will be a string and the default value will be empty string and after that provide comma duplicate this line. Then we'll add the full name property. So the full name will be a string and default will be empty string. Now duplicate it. Here we'll add the profession. So it is also type a string. Duplicate it. Then we'll add the email. Again duplicate this and write phone. Let's add one more property that is location. Duplicate it. And here we'll add next property that is LinkedIn. And after that we'll add the next property website. So in the personal info we will store these data. After that we have to store the experience data. So just add comma. And here let's add experience. So user can add multiple experience. Right? So let's add the array here. And in this array we will add the object. So this experience can have multiple information like company name, job position or job title. Then we will store the start date and end date. And we'll also add the description. So here in this object let's add the property name company and the type will be a string and after that let's duplicate it. Here we'll add the next property position. Duplicate it. Then we'll add a start date. Then duplicate it. And here we will add end date. Again duplicate it. Here we will add the description. then duplicate it and here we'll add is current. So is current property will be either true or false. So let's write the type boolean. So if the user is currently working in this company they will select is current property true. After that here we have to add the projects also. So just add comma and provide projects and in this one also we can add multiple projects. So just copy this array and paste it here. In this array we have the object and here let's add the property name. So the first one will be name that is the project name. Then we'll add the type that is the project type and after that we'll add the description that is project description and remove this property. So in the project we will get name type and description. After that we have to add the education details. Correct? So let's just copy this experience paste it here. Instead of this experience, let's type education. And here we have to add the institution name or institute name. So just add institution and the type will be a string. After that let's add degree. It is also type a string. After that we will add field that is the field of study. After that we have to add the graduation date. And then we have to add GPA. Remove this last property. So in this one we have added institution, degree, field, graduation date and GPA. And for all these property the type is a string. After that here we have to add the time stamp. So let's add comma and add one more object and provide the timestamps property and let's make it true. So whenever a new data will be added it will automatically add the current time stamp and after that let's add comma here and provide minimize true. So it will create the resumeumé data using empty object also. So just add minimize false. So here we have created the schema. It is a schema is there. Now using this schema we have to create the model. So let's add const equal to mongus dot model and here we have to add the model name. So the model name is rum and then we have to add the schema that is réumé schema. So we have created the rumé model. After that we have to export it from this file. So let's add export default and provide this rumé. Now using this réumé model we can find the réumé of any user in the database and we can also add and update the réumé in MongoDB database. So let's create a controller function using that we will fetch all the réumés created by any user. So here we have the user controller.js file. Let's open it. And in this one, scroll down and here first we will add the comment. So let's add the comment controller for getting user rumés. And after that here we will add one more comment where we'll add the API type it is get. And then we have added the path / API/ users/res rumage. We have added it in the comment. Now after that we have to create a function. So let me write export con get user rumage equal to and create the asynchronous addo function and in this function parameter we will get the request and response like this. Now in this one we will add the try catch statement. Now simply copy the statement from this catch block and paste it here. So we have added return response status 400 then JSON and provided the message. It will be error dot message. Now just come here in this try block. Now in this try block we will add const user id and we will get this user id using the middleware. So let's write request dot user ID property. So this user ID property will be added using the product middleware that we have already created. Next we'll add the comment here that is return user rums. So using this user id we will find the rumage in the MongoDB database. So we'll write constage equal to await and let's write resumeum model. You can see we are getting the suggestion to import the rumé model from the models folder. It has been imported. Let's scroll up. You can see here we have imported réumé from models folder. réumé dot js file. After that let's come here and uh in this one we'll add dot find method and now let's add curly braces and provide the user ID. So it will return all the rums where this user ID is available. So after that let's add the return statement and here let's write response dot status and provide 200 then dot JSON and in this one let's add the rums that's it so using this controller function we can get the rums of any user next we have to add this controller function to create our route. So let me open the user routes.js file. Here we have created three routes. Right? So in this one only we will add another route. So let's write user router dot get method and after that let's add the path. So the path will be resumeumise. Then we'll add comma and provide our middleware that is protect. Then we'll provide the controller function that is get user resumeumage. That's it. So you can see it has been imported. After creating this endpoint, now we'll create other controller function for réumés. like we will create the controller function to create a réumé, update réumé, delete rum and we will also create the controller function to get the rumé data by ID. So here we will create a new file. So in this controllers folder we will create a new file and write the file name resumeum controller.js. And in this one, first we will add the comment. So let me write the comment controller for creating a new réumé and then we will add the API path in the comment. It will be / API/ rumés /create and then we have added the type post. So here let's create a function. So I'll write the function name create réumé and we will export this function. So we have added export con equal to async arrow function. Now in this function parameter we will get the request and response and then we have to add the try catch statement in this function. Now in this catch block let me just copy the statement from previous controller. So I'll just copy this and paste it here. Here we have added return response dot a status a status code is 400 then JSON and the message is error dot message. Now come to this try block. In this try block we need the user ID. So let me write con user id equal to request dot user id and this user ID property will be added using the middleware. After that we need the rum title from the body. So user will provide the rumé title. Then we will create a new rum. So let's write const curly braces title and uh we will get this title from request dot body. So now we have the rumé title. So let's create the réumé. So I'll write one command here. Create new rumé and after that let's add const new réumé equal to await and let's add the rumé model. So import the réumé model from model folder. Let's drag it here at the top. So you can see we have imported réumé from models folder then résumé.js file and after that here we will add dot create method and here we have to add the data. So let's add the data that is user ID and provide the title. So we have added the user ID and title. As you can see in this réumé model here we have added the user ID. It is required. And then we have the title. If we don't provide the title, it will create the rum with this title untitled réumé. And here we have provided the title also. So it will create a new rum where we have to add the data using other controller function. So for now we have just created a new réumé without any data. We have just added the rumé title and now let's return the data from this controller function. So I'll write one comment here return success message. So let's write this return response dot a status and the a status will be 2.1 then JSON and here in this JSON we'll add the message. So the message is rumé created successfully and after that we have to provide the réumé data also. So let's add comma. Then we will add the property name rum and uh it will be our new rumé. Just add it here. So we have created the controller function. Using that we can create a new rumé. After that we will create a controller function. Using that we can delete the réumé. So let me just add the command first. I'll add this command controller for deleting a rumé and this will be the API path that is / API/resumes/delete and then just copy this function. I'll just copy it and paste it here. After adding this function here, let's update the function name. So I'll write the function name delete rum. Now in this function first we need the user ID. So we will get the user ID from request dot user id. After that we need the rumi ID and the rumé id will be available in the padams. So here let's add curly braces. réumé id equal to request dot params and after that we have to delete this réumé. So let me just remove this code from here and we will write await. Then we will use the rum model. Then we'll add dot find one and delete. So we are using this method find one and delete. And here we have to provide the user id and uh after that we have to provide underscore id. So in this underscore id let's provide rum ID. So it will be deleted from the database. Next we have to send the response message. So let's add the comment here return success message. And here let's return response do a status 200. Then the message will be réumé deleted successfully. And let's remove this property from here. We will simply send the message rumé deleted successfully. And here we have the statement in the catch block. So here we have created a function to create the rumé using the title. And then we have created the function to delete the réumé. After that we'll create a next function. So let me just add the comment first. I'll write the comment get user rumé by id and the path will be / ai/res rumage/get. So here we have to create a function. So let me just copy this function and paste it here and we will update the function name. So the function name will be get réumé by id. After that in this one first we need the user ID using this statement and then we need the rumé id using this statement. After that we have to get this réumé from the database. So let me remove this statement and write con rumé equal to await. And then we will add the rumé model dot find one method. In this one we have to provide the user id. So let's add the user ID. And then we have to add underscore id property. And here let's provide this rum ID. So here we'll get the réumé. And after that let's add the if statement. If not of réumé. Suppose we could not find any réumé with this réumé ID and user ID. Then we will send the response message. So just add return. And let me just copy this one. Paste it here. Response a status. And in this status we'll add four not four. And then we will add the message here. So the message will be rumé not found in this if statement. Now after that suppose we get the rumé data. Right? So we will simply return this rumé in the response. So here let's write response dot a status 200 then JSON and in this JSON just provide the rumé like this but before sending this rumé data to user in this one we will update some properties. So here let's add réumé dot double v equal to undefined. After that we will set the created at property. So let's add rum do.created at and it will be undefined. Now just duplicate it and here we'll add rum dot updated add property and it is also undefined. That's it. So before sending this ré to user we have updated these properties. After that here you can see we have the catch statement. So if we get any error in the try block this catch block will be executed and it will send the status 400 and JSON. And here we have the message that is error dot message. After that we have to create next function. Using that we can return the réumé data if the rumé is public and it will be available for any user. Any user can watch this rumé if it is public. For that we have to create one function here. So let's add the comment get réumé by id public and the path will be / ai/res rumage/public. After that let's create a function here. So I'll just copy this function name paste it here. Now here we have to update the function name. So I'll write the function name get public resumeumé by id. After that let's add try catch a statement. And in this try block first we need the réumé id. So we will get the rumé id from request padams. So just add con rum id equal to request dotpadams. After that let's find this rumé in the database. So I'll write con ré equal to await. Then we will use the rumé model dot find one and in this find one method we have to add the public property. So just add public property and we will check the public property. If it is true then only we will send the data to user. So let's add public and it should be true. And after that we will also add the underscore id property that will be resumeum ID. That's it. Now we'll add the if statement again. So I'll just copy from here and paste it here. So we have added if not of réumé. It means if we could not find this rumé then we will send the response with a status 4.4 then the message will be rumé not found and if we get the réumé then we will send it directly to the user. So just copy this statement and paste it here that is return response status 200 and then JSON rumé. Now let's add the statement in the catch block also. So just copy this from this catch block and paste it here. So we have created this another controller function using that we can return the réumé details when the public property is true and any user can see this réumé data. After that we have to create our next function using that we can update the réumé. It means we can add the data like personal details, professional, summary, then we can add the experience, skills, education. Correct? So for that we have to create another function. So first we'll add the comment here. I'll write controller for updating a rumé and the path will be / ai/ rums/update. Right now here we have to create a function. So let me copy this and paste it here. And in this one we have to update the function name. So I'll change it to update rumé. Now here we will add try catch a statement and in this catch block we will again add the same code. So just copy this and paste it in this catch block. After that just come here in this try block. So here you can see we have added the function name update rum. It means we have to update the data in the rum. For that we need the user ID also and we need the rum ID also. So let's add const user id equal to request dot user id. So this request dot user id will be available using the middleware and after that we will get some data from the request body. So we need the rumé id then réumé data and we will also get the remove background property that will be used to either remove or keep the background of the image. So let's add con curly braces rumé id then we will get réumé data and then we will get remove background equal to request dot body. So if remove background is true we have to remove the background of the image right and after that here we will get the image also from the request but the image will be handled by a middleware that we will create using malter right so for now I'll simply add con image equal to request test dot file. So this file property will be added using the multi middleware. So we have to create that middleware also. But before that let me just complete this function. Then we'll create that middleware. So here we'll get the image file. After that let's create the copy of the rumé data that will be saved in the database. So here I'll write let resumeumi data copy equal to JSON dot parse and after that here we have to provide this réumé data. So we have created the copy of the rumé data and now let me simply save this data in the database. So here let's write await rumé dot find one and update method and in this one we will add curly braces. In this one we will provide the user ID. So let's add user id comma underscore id and in this underscore id we will provide rum id. So it will find the rumé using the user ID and rumé id. Then we have to update the data. So just add comma and here let's provide the rumé data copy. So it will be added in the database. Now let's add comma and here we'll add the object and provide new and let's make it true. So it will return the new data and we will store this return in a variable. So here let me write const rum then equal to await. So we are getting the updated rum in this variable. Now we can send it in the response. So let's add return response dot a status and here let's add the status 200 and then we'll add JSON and in this JSON we will add the message property. So let's add the message called saved successfully and after that here we'll add comma provide this rumé that is the updated rumé data that's it. So here we have created the function using that we can update the réumé and we can add the data in the rum. Now if we get the image also right then we have to upload that image on cloud storage and we will also remove the background if this remove background is true. So first we have to handle this image upload. So we will create a middleware that will handle this image upload. This middleware will add the file property in the request and this image will be added in the file property. So to create that middleware, let's open the sidebar and here you can see we have the config folder. So in this config folder, let's create a new file and write the file name mult.js. After that here let's import the malter package. So just add import malter from molter. We have already installed this package while creating the application. And after that we have to create the storage using this molter package. So let's add const a storage equal to malter dot disk a storage and provide empty object. After that we have to create the function that is upload. So let's add cost upload equal to molter and in this one we have to add this a storage. Next we have to export this upload from this file. So let's add export default upload. So we have created this upload middleware that will be used to add the uploaded image in the request with the file property. So after creating it let me open our controller file that is rum controller.js JS and in this one you can see here we have the image and we are getting this image from request do file and this file property will be added using molar. After getting the image from request do file we have to upload this image on any online storage. For that we are going to use image kit. Image kit is an image and video API and it also have the AI features. So we will use the image kit to upload the images on cloud and we will also transform our images. You can use it to transform images. You can optimize the images and you can also remove the background. So let me open the pricing page. Here you can see we have forever free plan where you can store up to 3 GB of data that is the 3GB files and we have the 20 GB bandwidth. And in this one we have the AI features also. So you can see here we have the list of AI features and all these features are available in forever free plan. So just click on the link given in the description and sign up on image kit. So I'll login with my existing account. So it will open the image kit dashboard. Now to use image kit let me show you the documentation. So I'll open the image kit homepage and click on docs and then click on this NodeJS. So it will open this GitHub repository and here you can see the step how to use image kit in your project. So first we have to install it. So just copy this statement or command and come back to the VS code. Here we will open the terminal and you can see we are in the server terminal. Let's stop it using Ctrl C and paste this command. npm install at imagekit/ NodeJS. Press enter. So it will install this package. After installation, we can again start the project. So I'll write npm run server. So it will start the project again. After that, let's hide this. And if I open the package.json JSON file. So in this one you can see here we have this image kit/ NodeJS. So this package has been installed and after that let's see the next step. So we have to create the image kit instance using this function. Right? So first we have to import this and create this client. So I'll just copy this and come back to the VS code. And here we'll create a file. So in this config folder, let's create a new file and write the file name imagekit.js. In this one, we will paste this code. So here we have imported image kit from the image kit/ NodeJS. After that here we have the client. So let me change the name. So instead of this client I'm going to write image kit and after that we have to export this image kit from this file. So just add export default image kit so that we can use it in any other file. So now in this one you can see we have the private key and it is processed env. And then we have to provide our key. So we have to get the private key from the image kit dashboard. So I'll open the image kit dashboard in this one. In the left sidebar you will find developer options. Just click here and then you will find this API keys. And here you will find the private key. So just click on this I icon then only it will reveal the private key. I'll just click here. Then you need to confirm the account password. Then copy this key. After that you need to open the VS code. So I'll open the VS code and open env file. And here we have to store this key. For that let's create a new environment variable. So I'll type imagekit private key and paste this key here. After that just copy this environment variable and open our imagekit.js file and here let's add process env. and then provide this environment variable name imagekit private key. That's it. So we have created this configuration. After that let's see how to upload the images using this image kit. So we will open the document again and here you can see we have to use this client dotfiles do.upload method. In this upload method we can provide the object where we will provide the file and in this file property we have to provide the buffer image right and after that we have to provide the file name and we can also provide the folder name and then we can also add the transformation. So let me just copy this code and come back to the VS code and let's open our resumeumiac controller js file. So in this one here we have the image. So we will add the if statement so that we can check we have the image or not. So after creating the rum copy here let's add if statement. if image. So if the image is available in the request, so in this condition we have to upload it on image kit. So just paste this code here and after that here let's add the image kit instance. So I'll write image kit and import it from the config folder. Just click here. So you can see this image kit has been imported from config /imagekit.js file. Correct. Now in this one we have the files do.upload method and here we have file and here we will provide the buffer image. So let's add the buffer image here. For that we have to import the file system. So here at the top we will add import fs from fs that is file system and let's come here in the function and here let's add the space and first we'll add one variable so just add con image buffer data equal to fs dot create read. You can see we have to use this fs dot create read and in this one we have to provide the image dot path like this. After that we will directly provide this image buffer data in this file. So just provide it here and add comma like this. And after that here we have to add the file name also. So in this file name let me type réumé.png. So this will be the file name and after that we have to add the folder name. So let's add a new property folder name and it will be user rumage. After that here we will add the transformations. So we will add the transformation property and in this transformation property we will add the object and let's add pre and here let's add the string. In this one we will set the width. So we will set the width 300 and height 300. So add comma and provide h 300 because we have to create the profile image. So it will be a a squared size image with width of 300 and height 300. Next we have to focus on the face. For that let's add comma fo face. So it will focus on face. So this face will be zoomed in. So let me zoom out little bit. For that we'll add Z dash 0.75. So it will zoom out the image. Right? And uh after that close this string and then we'll add plus. You can see in this request body we are getting remove background property. So if it is true we have to add the background transformation that is remove background. So here let's add plus then we'll add parenthesis and provide this property remove background and we will add the turnary operator. So let's add question mark. So if it is true in this case we have to add comma and provide the property that is e dash bg remove. So it will remove the background of the uploaded image and if it is false we will not add this. So just add colon and empty string. That's it. So here we have added the transformation for width, height, face focus, zoom and remove background. So this image will be uploaded on image kit and it will also transform our image. After that in this response we will get a URL right. So let's store this URL in our resume data. So after that here we have to add resumeum data copy dot personal info property and in this personal info property there will be image property and in this image property we will store our response dot URL. So here we have the live URL of our uploaded image and uh after that we have already added this statement that will add this rumé data copy in the database and it will generate the response. So we have created our function using that we can add the data in the réumé. So in this rumé controller file you can see we have created multiple functions. So the first one is create réumé. After that delete rumé, then get réumé by id then we have this get public rum by id and then we have this update rumé. So we have to create the API endpoint using these controller functions. For that we will create a new route file. So in this routes folder we will create a new file and write the file name resumeum your routes dojs and here we have to use express. So just add import express from the express package and then we'll create the router. So just add const resumeum router equal to express dot router and uh after that in this resume router we have to create different path. So let's add rum router dot post. We are using the post method and here we will add the path. So the path will be create. So let's add /create. After that here we'll add the middleware that is protect. We are not getting the suggestions. So let me open this from the sidebar. Here we have o middleware.js. Right. And after that if I type protect you can see we are getting the suggestion. So just import it from middlewares folder of middleware file. Write the file name extension also js. After that here we have to add the controller function. So just add comma and provide the controller function that is create réumé. So this create rum has been imported from réumé controller. Right? So just add the file name extension js. That's it. So here we have added the first route for the réumé. Now just duplicate it. In this second one we will add the type put. So let's add rum router dotput. And then we'll add the path name. So the path name will be update. Correct. Then we'll add the middleware using that we can handle the file upload. So here after this comma we'll add upload and you can see we are getting the suggestion to import the upload from config/malter. Just click here you can see the upload has been imported from config folder multi.js file. In this upload we will add dot single. And in this single we'll add the property name that is image. and then we will add comma. So after this upload middleware we have the product and then we will add the controller function. So let's add update resumeum controller function. It has been imported. Correct. Now just copy this one and paste it here. In the third one we'll add the type delete. So let's add delete. And here let's add the path. So the path will be / delete / colon rum id because we will provide the réumé id in the URL parameter. After that here we have added the product middleware pair and then we'll add the controller function that is delete rum. It has been imported. After that just copy this paste it here. In this one we will add the type. So the type will be get like this. And here we will add the path. So the path will be get slash then provide colon resume id like this. And here also we'll add the protect and then we'll add the controller function get rum by ID. It has been imported. Now just duplicate it. And here also we will add type get then the path will be /public/ colon rum id. So if it is public then we will remove this protect middleware. So anyone can see this data using this API and after that here we will add the controller function get public rum by ID. It has been imported. So we have created multiple endpoint on this router. Now we have to export this router from this file. So let's add export default and rumé router. Next we have to add this rumé router in our main file that is server.js. So I'll open server dot js file and uh after this user router here we will add app dot use and provide the path it will be / ai slash resumeumage and then we'll add comma and provide the router that we have just created that is rum router So you can see the réumé router has been imported from this routes folder. So now we have created the APIs using that we can add and update the réumé. Now we have to create the API using that we can add the AI feature in our réumé builder project. Using AI, we will create the réumé based on the uploaded rumé and we will also use AI to enhance the professional summary and job description. So let me open the web browser and here we will search for Google Gemini API. So let's scroll down and we will open this link aistudio.google.com google.com and here you will find this button create API key right and just click on this button and here you need to add one name and choose the existing project or you don't have any project then you can create it here and get your API key I already have multiple projects here so I'll use my existing key so I can just click here to copy this key and after that we will see the documentation. So let's click here on this documentation and in the left side you will find this open AI compatibility. So let's click here. So here we have the step to use this Google Gemini API using open AI. So first we have to add the open AI package in our project. So let me come back to the VS code and we will open the terminal. Now in this one you can see the back end is running right. So we have to stop the backend server using control C. And after that let's add this command npm install open AI. So it will install the open AI package and again start the project using npm run server. So it will start the project on same port number. Now we can hide this terminal and if I open the package dojson file in this dependency you can see we have the open AI it has been installed. After that we have to create a config file. So let's create a file in this config folder and write the file name. So here we have the configs folder and create a file and write the file name AI.js. Now in this one let's copy this code. So I'll copy the code from here. I will just copy this one and paste it here in our AI.js file. So here you can see we have imported open AI from open AI package. And after that here we have added con open AI or you can change the name also. So I'll simply write AI equal to new open AI. And in this one we have to add the API key and then we have to provide the base URL. So the base URL is already added here and here we have to provide the API key. So we will add our API key in the environment variable. So let's come to env file and here we will create a variable. So let me write environment variable name open AI API key equal to and here we will paste the Google Gemini API key. Let me just copy and paste it here. I will paste it in double quote. After that, we will add our base URL also. So, I'll just come back here and uh in this AI.js file. You can see here we have the base URL. So, I will add this base URL in the environment variable. So just come back here in the env file and let's add the environment variable name open AI base URL equal to and we will paste this link. Let's copy and paste it here. And after that here we have to add the open AI model. You can see in this documentation we have to provide the model. So the model name is Gemini 2.0 flash. So we will use 2.5. So just come back here and let's add the environment variable name that is open AI model equal to and provide Gemini 2.5 flash. So we have the API key base URL and model name. After that let's come here in the AI do.js file and remove this string. Here we will add process dot env dot and the environment variable name that is open AI API key. Now in this base URL also we will use the same thing like process dot env dot open AI base URL. After that we have to export this AI from this file so that we can use it in any other file. So just add export default AI. So here we have added the configuration for using AI. After creating this configuration file now we will create the controller functions. Using that we can perform different operation like uh uploading a existing rumé and create the new rumé and after that we'll create the function using that we can enhance the professional summary and we can enhance the job description. So let's create a new controller file. So in this controller folder we will create a new file and write the file name aicontroller.js. And in this one first we'll add the comment. So let's add the comment controller for enhancing a rum professional summary and the path will be / ai/ aai/ enhance proum that is professional summary. So let's create a function. So I'll write export const enhance professional summary equal to async add function. Now in this function parameter we will get request and response and after that here we will add try catch a statement. Now in this try block first we need the content from the request. So let's add con user content equal to this request dot body. So we have to write some summary and after that we will pass this summary to AI. So after getting this content let's add the if statement and here we will write not of user content. It means when the user content is not available. So in this case simply add return and then we'll add response do a status and write the status 400 then dojson and here we will add the message. So the message is missing required fields. So if we don't provide the user content then it will display this message. Now after that suppose we have the user content available. So here we will use the AI. So let's add await AI dot and let me see the steps here. So I'll open this documentation and in this one you can see we have to use this open AI. So we have added the name AI. Then we have to add dot chat.comp completions.create. So let's copy this one and paste it here. We have added await AI.comp completions dotcreate. And in this one we have to add the object where we have to add the model like this. And then we have to add the messages. So I'll just copy this one and paste it here. So you can see here we have added the model and let's add the model from the environment variable. So I'll write process env dot open AI model. So I'll just copy it from the environment variable. Here it is. Just copy and paste it here. After that here we have the messages array. So in this one we have to add the role system and this will be the content. So here we have to add the content for system message and after that here we have to add the role user that will be the user message right and here we have to provide the content that we will receive from the request. So you can see in the request we are getting this user content. So let's provide it here like this. And now we will update this content for the system right that is the system message. So here let me remove it and we will write our own message. So you can read this one. Here we have added you are an expert in rum writing. Your task is to enhance the professional summary of a rum. The summary should be one to two statement also highlighting key skills, experience and carrier objectives. make it compelling and ATS friendly and also return text no options or anything else and after that here we have the role user and user content. So after that here we'll get the response. So let's store this response in a variable. So here we will type const response equal to and await like this. So here we are getting the response. Now if I come back to this documentation you can see in this response we'll get choices and then index zero and here we will get the message. Right? So I'll just come back here and here let's add const enhanced content equal to this response dot choices dot message. And in this one we'll get the content. So this will be the AI enhanced content. And after that here we have to return this enhanced content in the response. So I'll write return response dot a status and in this a status we will send 200 and then we'll add dot JSON. And here let's add this enhanced content. So it will be sent in the response. After that just copy this return and paste it here in this catch block. So in this catch block we'll add a status 400. And in the message we have to add this error dot message. So let's add the message property here and it will be error dot message. That's it. So here we have added the function. Using that we can enhance the professional summary added by the user. Now we'll add the controller function. Using that we will enhance the job description. So I'll just add another comment here. So here we have added this comment controller for enhancing a resumeum job description and this will be the API path. So here let's add the function. So I'll just copy this previous function. I'll just copy it and paste it here. Now here first we have to change the name. So the function name will be enhance job description. Correct? And after that here also we'll get the user content from the request dobody. And after that we will write if not of user content then we will send the message missing required fields. Now again we will use the AI model here. So here we have added AI.hat dotcomp completions.create and in this one we will provide the model and then we will add the messages array. So the first one will be role system and in the second one the role will be user right and in this user role we have provided the user content and in the first one we have the content and let's replace this content from here. So here we'll add our own message for the system. So here we will type you are an expert in rum writing. Your task is to enhance the job description of a rumé. The job description should be only in one to two sentence also highlighting key responsibilities and achievements. Use action verbs and quantifiable results where possible. Make it ATS friendly and also return text no options or anything else. So this is the system message and here we have the user role and message that is content. After that here we'll get the enhanced content and then we will provide this enhanced content in the response using this statement. So here we have added another controller function to enhance the job description. Now we'll create the controller function using that we can upload the existing rumé and we'll create the réumé using our template. So here we'll add the command controller for uploading a rum to the database and this will be the API path. So here we have to create a function. So let's just copy this one and paste it here. Now in this one first we will change the name. So the function name is upload resume. After that here we have the try catch statement. So I'll just clear this try block. I will keep this code that is for the AI and then we have the catch block also. So let it be. So here in this try block first we will get the resumeum text and the title from the body. So let's add con curly braces. Let's get the rumé text. So this will be the existing réumé text that people will upload. And then we'll add the title equal to this request dot body. Correct. And after that here we need the user ID also so that we can store this data in the particular user. So just add con user id equal to request dot user id. After that let's add the if statement. And here let's write if not of rum text. It means we don't have any text. In this case we'll add return. And here we will add this message. So I'll just copy this and paste it here that is response status 400 and the JSON object and the message is missing required fields. Now after that here we have to add the prompt for the system like this one. You can see here we have the messages and here we have the ro system and this is the system message. Right? So let me just clear it from here and after that here we will define this system message first. So let's add the variable called system prompt. So we have added con system prompt equal to and uh let's add the message. So here we have added the message you are an expert AI agent to extract data from réumé right and after that here we have to add the user prompt so I'll write const user prompt equal to and let's add back textics and then we'll add the message. So the message is extract data from this réumé and after that let's provide the rumé text that we are getting from the request body. So let's add dollar sign curly braces and provide this rum text like this. So here we have the system prompt and user prompt. So let's provide this system prompt and user prompt in this code that will provide the response from AI. Right. So let me just remove this a string from here and here we will provide system prompt and here we will provide user prompt. That's it. And after that in this one we have to add response format. So we have added like this response format and it will be object and write type and in this type we will provide JSON object. So we have provided the response format and after that here we will get the response and in this one we'll get the choices then message and content. So let's store this in the variable. So let's add the variable name that is extracted data right and after that we have to parse this extracted data using JSON.parse. So let's add const parsed data equal to JSON dot parse and let's add this extracted data here. After that here we have to add this réumé data in the database. So let's add const new réumé equal to await and we will use the rumé model. So let's add rum. You can see we are getting this suggestion to import it from the models folder. Just click here. Scroll up. You can see this rumé model has been imported. Right here we'll add the file name extension js. Now it is correct. So here we have imported the rumé model and after that here we will write rum dot create. So it will create a new data in the database and after that here we will add object. So first we have to provide the user ID. Then we will provide the title that will be the resumeumi title. And after that we'll add a spread operator and provide the pared data. That's it. Now we can send the response. Right? So here let's add response dot JSON and uh in this one simply provide this new rumé id. So here let's add the property name that is rumé id and in this one let's add new rum underscore first we'll add dot then underscore id that's it. So in the response we are sending the résumé id when we'll create a new rumé in the database right now let's see this code again. So first we are getting the réumé text and title from the request body. So whenever we will upload existing rum we will get the rumé text right and if we don't have the rum text we will send this message missing required fields. And if we have the resume text then let's create the system prompt and user prompt. And after that we will use this AI to generate the response using these prompt. And after that we have to set the response format. Then we will extract the response data. Then we will parse it. And after that we will store this rumé data in the database using this rum do.create. And after that for this one we will get the id that is autogenerated in MongoDB. So here we have added rumi idler. So here we have added rumi ID. It will be new rum dot ID. It will be sent in the response. Now here we will add one more thing. You can see here we have simply added this user prompt extract data from this rumé and this is the réumé text. Correct? Now in this one I want to add more details in the user prompt so that it will give us the exact response that we want. So after this text that is resumeum text let's add a space and here we will add the message. So I'll write the message that is provide data in the following JSON format with no additional text before or after. So here we have added the text that is I want the data in particular format and after that here we have to paste the format for that we will open our resume model. So let's open the models folder then open resumeumate.js file. So here you can see we have this professional summary then we have the skills then personal info right. So let me just copy this. I'll copy till here till this education correct and after that let me just come back. I'll just copy till here. And we will come back here in our AI controller file. Here it is AI controller. And uh here we have to add this format so that the AI will give the response in this particular format that we can add in the database. So let's add the curly braces and paste the code that we have just copied. Let me align it properly. So you can see we have added the object here and in this object we have professional summary property then a skills then personal info then experience then project then education correct. So we have added the format for the output and after that this data will get saved in the database. So we have created the controller function for uploading an existing réumé. Next we have to create the API endpoint using these controller function. For that we have to create the AI route. So let's open the sidebar and here we have the routes folder. In this one let's create the file AI routes.js. And here we have to create the router. So first we'll import express from express package and after that let's create the router. So I'll write const AI router equal to express dot router. And after that in this AI router we will add different endpoint. So just add a routouter dot post method and in this one we'll add forward slash and the path is enhanced pro sum that is professional summary. Then we have to add the middleware. Just add protect. Click here. Protect middleware has been imported. Here we'll add the file name extension js. Then we'll add the controller function. So let's write the controller function called enhance professional summary. That's it. Now just duplicate it. And here we will change the path. So it will be enhance job description. Correct? Then we will change the function name. Enhance job description. Now again duplicate it and here we will change the path that is upload rumé. And here also we will update the controller function. So it will be upload rumé. So all controller function has been imported. Here we'll add the file name extension AI controller.js. Next we have to export this AI router from this file. So let's write export default and AI router. Next we have to add this AI router in our server file that is server.js. But before that, let me just come back here in the AI controller. And in this AI controller, you can see we have used this AI. So first we have to import this AI from the config folder. Right? So I'll open our config folder here. And you can see we have the AI.js file where we have exported this AI, right? So we have to import this AI in the controller file. So let's open the controller file and here let's add import AI and we are getting the suggestion. Just click here. So you can see the AI has been imported from the configs folder/ AI.js file like this. Now let's open the server file that is server.js. And here we will create the new endpoint. So let's add app dot use and let's add the path. It will be / ai/ AI and then we'll add the comma and provide the AI router. Let's click here to import it. So if I scroll up you can see AI router has been imported from the routes/ AI routes.js file. So now we have completed the back end of our rum builder. And in this back end we have created multiple API endpoint. Now we will link these APIs with our front end to create a fully functional rum builder. And here we have added the AI functionality also to connect this backend APIs with front end. First let me open the terminal. So in this terminal we are getting some error. You can see it says cannot find module and we are getting this issue in this file AI routes. So let's open this server folder routes folder and AI routes.js file. In this one we have imported this update rumé. So let me remove it from here and we will import it from this AI controller file. So here we'll add the comma here we'll write upload rumé. So this upload rum has been imported and we will add this controller function here in this route. Here we have the path upload rum. Right? So let me update the controller function. It will be upload rum. That's it. Now save the changes and open the terminal. So now if I open this terminal scroll down. So here you can see the application is working successfully. We are getting this message and after that if I switch the terminal you can see this is the front- end terminal. So we have the back end running and we have the front end also that is running on this local host col 5173. Let me open this URL. So this is the front end URL and the back end is running at localhost col 3000. Now let me connect this back end with our front end. For that I'll just come back here and I'll close all the files. So right click here and select close saved. After that just fold this server folder and let's expand this client folder. Now in this client folder we have to add the backend URL and we will add it in the environment variable. So in this client folder let's create a file and write the file name env. In this one, let's add the environment variable name that is wheat base URL equal to and here we will add the backend URL. So let me just add the back end URL that is localhost colon 3000 and remove this forward slash from the end. So we have added the back end URL in the client project and after that in this one we have to create one stored where we will manage the global state and functions. So let's come here in this src. In this src we have to create one folder called app. So let's create a folder and write the folder name app. Now in this folder we will create the file. So I'll create a new file and write the file name store.js. And after that here let's add a function. So just add export const. And the function name is a store equal to and here we will use configure a store function. So to use this configure a store first we have to import the redux and for that we have to install the redux and redux toolkit in our front end project. So I'll open the front end terminal. So you can see the front end is running in this terminal right and after that let's scroll down we will stop the project using control c and here we will add the command to install the redux and redux toolkit for that let's add npm install and then we'll add react redux After that we will add at reduxjs/ toolkit. Now press enter. So it will install the react redux and redux toolkit. After that we will add another package also. So let's add npbm install and write the package name axios. Using this axio package we will make the API call and after that we will add another package. Using that we will extract the text from the uploaded PDF file. So here let's add npm install and the package name is react pdf2 text. Install this package. Now it is also installed. After that we will start the project using npm rundev. So our project is again running on the same URL. Now let's hide this terminal and let's create this store. So here let's type configure a store. We are not getting the suggestion here. So let's import it manually. I'll write import curly braces configure the store equal to or here we'll add from and provide at the rate reduxjs/toolkit. So from redux toolkit we have imported configured a store. After that here in this one we'll add the object and here let's add the reducer and in this reducer we have to add all the reducers that we will create for this project correct. So here we have the authentication feature and for authentication we will create a separate o slice. So in this app folder let's create another folder called features. And in this features folder we will create a file. So let's add a new file and write the file name o slice.js. And after that here let's add con of slice equal to create slice. and import it from the redux.js/toolkit. It has been imported and after that here we have to add the name. So in this name property let's add o. After that we have to add the initial state. So in this initial state we will add the object and provide the token. So in this token property let's add null. And after that we will add the user. So user is also null. And after that we will add the loading. So the loading property is true. Now we will create the reducer functions. So here let's add reducers and in this reducers let's add the login and here we'll add the arrow function and in this one we will get the state and action. So we have to provide the state and action in this function. And after that let's add the state dot token equal to action dot payload dot token. Then we will add a state dot user equal to action dot payload dot user. So using this reducer function we will update the state. After that let's add log out and let's add the add function for this logout. Here also we will get the estate. That's it. And after that let's add the estate dot token. Then we will add equal to empty string. After that we will add a state dot user and it will be null. And after that let's add local storage dot remove item. And here let's add the item key name that is token. After that we will add the comma and here let's add set loading and it will be add function and in this one we will get the state and action. So here let's add a state dot loading equal to action dot payload. That's it. So here we have created the reducers for our state and after that we have to add this o slice in our store but before that we have to export these reducers function. So here let's add export con curly braces and provide the login then log out and then set loading equal to all slice dot actions and after that we'll add export default and Here we'll provide o slice dot reducer. Now let's come here in the a store.js file and in this one in this reducer we have to add the o and it will be o reducer. We are not getting it here. So let's import it manually. So I'll write import O reducer from and provide the path that is dot / features slash o slice. If I open this o slice, you can see we have exported this o slice dot reducer and we have imported it here using this o reducer and let's provide it here. That's it. So we have created the state that will manage our authentication using redux state management. Now we have to open our login page. So if I open this sidebar here you can see we have this pages and in this pages we have created login.jsx JSX file right here we have created the login forms and after that we have added the route here you can see in this app dot jsx we have this route to open the login page right we can type this login path it will open the login page so let me just remove this route I want to open the login page whenever the user is not logged in and user try to open the app page or dashboard code right for that we will come here in this layout dot jsx file and in this one first let's add const curly braces user and then we'll get the loading equal to use selector so here we added the use selector and we have to import this use selector. So let's add import curly braces use selector from react redux and after that here we'll add the arrow function and in the parameter we'll get the state and this function will return the estate dot o. So from this O we will get the user and loading property. After that let's add the if statement and here we'll add the loading. So whenever the loading is true in this case we'll add the return and provide the loading component. So we have the component with the name loader. Let's import it from this component folder. It has been imported right and after that here we have a div. In this div we have added the navbar and outlet right. So this navbar and outlet will be displayed whenever the user is logged in. Right? So here let's add curly braces. First we'll add the user and turnary operator. So just add question mark. So when the user is logged in then we will add this div. So just move this div within this parenthesis and after that we'll add the colon here and here we will provide the login component. So let's add login and import it from the pages. So this login component has been imported. So now you can see the structure here. So first we are checking when the user is available then it will display the navbar and outlet it means it will display the dashboard to create the rum and if the user is not logged in it will directly display this login page. So let's save the changes and open our web page. So you can see this is the homepage right and if I try to open any of the route from dashboard. So let's click here on this login. You can see we are getting the white screen. Let me inspect it. So here we are getting the message could not find react redux context value. So to fix it just come back here in the VS code and we will open the main.jsx file. So we have to wrap our component using the provider that is available in react redux. So let's add import curly braces provider from and provide react redux. And now let's add this provider here in this browser router. So in this browser router we'll provide this provider tag and close it. So we have the opening and closing tag and within this we will mount this app. And after that in this provider we have to add the a store also. So let's add a store and in this one we will add the store that we have created. So let's add import a store from we will add the path that is / app that is the app folder then / a store.js and now let's provide this a store here. Save the changes and open the web page. Let me refresh it. So you can see the loading screen. So after loading it should display the login form here. For that let me just come back to the VS code and we will open the app dot jsx file. So in this one first we have to add the dispatch function. So before this return statement let's add const dispatch equal to use dispatch and import it from react redux. So here we'll create a function using that we will get the user data from the database. So let's add the function called get user data using this con equal to asynchronous adder function and in this function we have to add con token equal to local storage dot get item and here we'll add the key name that is token After that here we will add the try catch statement and in this try block we'll add the if statement. So let's add if token. So if the token is available in this case we'll make the API call. So let's add con curly braces data equal to await. And here we'll add the axio package. So let's add the axios in one place so that we can use it everywhere and in that one we will add the base URL also right for that let's open this sidebar and here we will create a folder so in this src folder we'll create a new folder and write the folder name config and in this config folder we will create a file that is API dot js and in this one we will import the axios from axios package and after that let's add const api equal to this axio dot create and in this one let's provide the url so just add base url equal to import dot meta dot env dot and provide the environment variable name that is wheat base url let's add it here so here we have provided the base URL in the API that is created using this axios and after that we have to export it so just add export put default API and after that we will come back in the app dot jsx file and here now we can use that API so let's type API and import it from the config folder it has been imported and after that here we have to provide the remaining path for the API right so let's add dot get method and provide the path here that is / API/ users/ data and after that here we'll add comma curly braces and provide the headers property to authenticate our request. So we have just added the headers property and here we'll add the authorization colon and provide the token. So we have to provide this token in the header. After that again we'll add the if statement and here let's add the data dot user. So if we have the user data in the response. So in this case let's add the dispatch and in this dispatch we'll use the login. Let's import the login from app folder features and o slice. Right? And then we'll add curly braces here and provide the token. Then provide the user data. So just add the user property. And in this one let's add the data dot user. So it will set the user in the state. And after that here we will add dispatch. And in this one let's use the set loading and import this set loading. And after that here let's make it false. That's it. Now here we'll add the else statement also. So now we'll add the else here. And here we will add the same thing that is dispatch set loading false. It means when the token is not available, we will simply call this dispatch and provide the set loading false. After that come here in the catch block and in this catch block again we will add the same thing dispatch set loading false and after that we'll add the message also in the console. So just add console.log log and here let's add this error dot message property. That's it. Next, we have to call this get user data function whenever the component gets loaded. So, let's add the use effect. In this use effect, we have to add the add a function and then a dependency array and in this function just call the get user data. That's it. Save the changes and open our web page. So now you can see here we have the login form. Now if I open the homepage and click on this get started, you can see it is opening the signup form because in this URL parameter you can see the state is registered. If I come back and click on this login button, it is opening this login form. Right? And from here also we can switch the form. Click here. So it will open this sign up and click here. So it will open login. Next we have to add the functionality in this login or register form. So we will come back to the VS code and after that let's open the sidebar and open the login.jsx file. Now in this one here you can see we have this handle submit function right so in this handle submit function let's add the try catch block in this try block we will make the API call for user login or register so let's add con curly braces data equal to await and provide the API let's import it from the configs folder And after that here we have to use the post method. So just add dot post and provide the path. So the path will be / ai/ users. And after that we have to add dollar sign curly braces and provide the state. Let's just copy this state and paste it here. And let's change this code. It will be back like this. So that we can use this template lit and after that here we'll add comma and provide the form data. Here we have the form data just add it here. And after that let's add dispatch. So first we have to import the dispatch from Redux. So let's add const dispatch equal to use dispatch and the use dispatch has been imported from the react redux. Now let's add this dispatch here after this API call and in this one let's provide the login and import the login from this slice. It has been imported and after that in this one we have to provide the data. You can see this login has been imported right and after that here we have to set the token in the local storage. So just add local storage dot set item and here we will provide the property name. So the property name is token and after that we will provide the value. So it will be data dot token. After that we have to add the notification also like you are logged in successfully. Correct. To display the notification, we are going to use the React hot toast package. So that we will display the toast notification. So let's open the terminal and stop this project using C. In this terminal, let's write npm install react hot toast. Press enter. So it will install this package. And after that we have to start the project again. So just add npm rundev. So now the project is running. Let's hide this terminal. And after that we have to open our app dot jsx file. In this one we have to import the toaster component. So let's come here and write import and provide curly braces toaster from and provide the package name react hot toast and after that let's add this component in this fragment right so here we will add this toaster component that's That's it. After adding this toaster component, let's open our login page that is login.jsx file. And in this one, we have to display the notification. Right? So here we have to import the toast component. So let's add toast. And click here to import it from the react hot toast. It has been imported. Now in this one let's add type success and provide the data dot message. So it will display the message in toast notification. After that come to this catch block. In this catch block we'll add the toast and then we'll add the error question mark. Then provide dot response dot data dot message. We have added the question mark also. And after that we'll add or error dot message property. That's it. So after adding it, it will allow us to login using this form. So let me just open this web page. And here we have the login form. Right now let me add any email ID and password and click on login. So you can see invalid email or password. Now if I switch to sign up form and provide the email id and we will provide the name and any password. So we can create an account. So you can see user created successfully. So this login feature is working fine. Next we have to add the log out option using this button. For that we have to open the VS code. But before that let me come to homepage and here you can see still we are getting this buttons get started and login. So after successful login we have to remove these buttons and we will display the button that is dashboard. So I'll just come back to the VS code and open this sidebar and here you will find this components and in this components we have home and in this one we have the hero.jsx file. Now in this one you will find these buttons. So we have these buttons get started and login right. So we have to hide these buttons whenever the user is already logged in. So first we have to get the user data. So here let's add con curly braces user equal to use selector imported from the react redux and in this one we will add the arrow function with the estate in the parameter and here let's add the estate dot o that's it. So here we'll get the user and after that just come here and in this first link tag that is for the get started we will add the hidden property. So let's add hidden equal to and provide this user. Let's add the same thing here in this login like this. After that we'll add one more link tag. So here let's add the link tag. We have the link opening and closing tag. And in this one we'll add the text called dashboard. Right? Now for this link we'll add the classes. And here we'll add the two property also. So in this two let's add the path that is / app. So when we will click on the dashboard it will open the app section where user can create the réumé and here it will add the Telvin classes like this and after that here we will add the hidden property. So let's add hidden and equal to curly braces not of user. So when the user is not logged in then this link will be hidden. save the changes and open the web page. So here you can see we have the dashboard button right and click on this dashboard. So it is opening this dashboard and here you can see we have to display the user's name and we have to add the logout functionality. For that let's come back to the VS code and uh let's open this sidebar and in this components you will find this navbar.jsx file. So here you can see we have manually added the user data correct. So let me remove it and here let's add con curly braces user equal to use selector. import the use selector and after that we'll add the estate and create the add a function and this function will return the estate doth. So from here we'll get the user and after that here let's add a function. So you can see we already have the logout user function and in this one we are navigating the users on homepage and after that here we have to call the logout function that we have created in the slice. So for that let's add const dispatch equal to use dispatch import the use dispatch and let's come here in this function and provide dispatch and provide the logout function and import it from the slice. So you can see logout has been imported from this app features o slice and call this logout. That's it. Now let's save the changes and open our web page. So here you can see it is displaying the correct name. And here we have the log out button. Let me just click here. So now we are logged out. And here we have the buttons like get started and login. Click on this login button. So it is opening the login form and we can enter the email id and password and login in this application. So we are logged in. Now we'll add the functionalities in these buttons that is create réumé and upload existing réumé. To add functionality in this dashboard, let me just come back to the VS code and here we will open this sidebar and we have the pages folder and in this pages you will find dashboard.jsx JSX file. Let's open this file. And after that here you can see we have the functions that is load all réumés. Using that we can display all rumés just here. Right now we have the dummy data from the asset. So we will replace it with the actual rum data from the database. After that here we have the create rumé. Then we have upload rumé. Then we have the edit title function. And after that we have the delete rumé. So let's complete all these functions one by one. So first here we'll get the user data. So let's add a space here and here we'll add con curly braces and provide user equal to use selector import the use selector and uh in this one let's add the add a function with the estate in the parameter and after that it will return the state dot O and from this one we'll get the user right. So here we are getting the user from this use selector and this function will return the state dot and here we'll get the user with this user we will also get the token that we will send in the API request. So here we'll add user token. After that, let's come here and let's create this function that is create réumé. Correct? So, let me just clear it. I'll just remove this line. And here, first we'll add the try catch a statement. Now, in this try block, let's provide event dot prevent default. And after that, we have to make the API call. So let's write con curly braces data equal to await. And here we will add the API import it from the configs folder. Then we'll add dot post method. And here we have to add the path. So the path is / API/ resumeumage/create. Then we'll add comma and provide the title. And after that we'll add the comma and provide the headers. And in this headers we have to add the authorization and token to authenticate our API request. After that here let's add setter function set all resumeums and uh in this one just add the array and here we'll add all rums comma and then provide this data dot rum. After that here we'll add set title. So in this set title let's add empty string. So it will clear the input field. And after that let's add set. So create réumé and uh let's make it false. So it will hide that popup. And after that we have to navigate the users. So let's add navigate and provide the path. So just add the back tick forward slash and provide slappuilder slash then dollar sign curly braces and here we will add this data dot rum dot id like this and come here in the catch block. So in this catch block we have to add the toast notification. So just add toast import it from the react hot toast. After that we'll add dot error and in this one we will write the error dot response dot data dot message or we'll add error dot message. So we have created this function using that we can create the new rum. Correct. Now just come back here and let me click here and here we will add the rum title. I'll write a rumé and click on this create réumé button. You can see it is opening this rum builder page and here we have the ID right. So here we can build this réumé. Now if I open the MongoDB database and come to this database and here we will open this clusters and then click on browse collection and uh in this one you will find this users right. So you can see we have the user data because we have created the account here and after that here we have the rums. So in this one you can see we have only one rumé that we have just created. This is the rum title. So the public property is false. This is the classic template and here we have the ascent color and all other fields are empty. Right. So after that let me just come back to the dashboard. So we have added the functionality in this button. Now we will add the functionality in this second button that is upload existing. So let me just come back here. And you will find this upload resume function. So let's complete this function. So here we have the event.prevent default. And after that we have the setter function set. So upload resume and it is false. So let me remove this. And here we have to add the state using that we will display the loading animation. Right? So for that we have to create the loading a state. So just scroll up and here let's add one state variable. So just add con is loading and the setter function name is set is loading equal to use a state and let's initialize it using false. So by default the loading will be false and after that just come here in this upload rum and let's use the setter function set is loading and make it true right and uh after that we will add the try catch statement and in this try block first we'll get the rumé text right so to get the rum text we will use the PDF2 text package that we have already installed. So just add const text equal to await and here we will use PDF to text. We are not getting this suggestion here. So let's scroll up and write import PDF to text from and provide react PDF to text. Now let's just copy this and paste it here. Await PDF to text. And after that in this one let's provide the réumé correct. After that we will make the API call. So I'll just copy this and paste it here. Here we have added the data equal to await API dot post. And here we have to update the path. So the path will be SL API/ AI/ upload resumeum and then we have the title and with this title we will also provide the resumeum text correct and then we have the headers to authenticate our request. After that we will add the setter function that is set title and it will be empty string and after that we have to use set rum and let's add null and after that we have to use the setter function set so upload rumé so it will hide the popup so we will make it false and after that we will add navigate and in this navigate we'll add the path. So let's add / app/ builder. We have added the back text, right? Then we'll add / dollar sign curly braces and provide data dot resumeum ID. That's it. And after that come to this catch block and here we'll paste this statement. And after this catch block just use the setter function set is loading and make it false. That's it. So now we can upload the réumé in this button. So if I click on this button upload existing here we have to add the title my second rumé and here we can upload the existing rumé. So I'll just click here and upload a PDF file. So if I click here, it is opening this window to select a rumé. So I'll choose this one and click on open and click upload réumé. So it will take some time. That's why we have to add the loading animation in this button. So just wait for it. So you can see after uploading the existing réumé it will open the rum builder page so that we can edit this rumé and right now these fields are empty because we have not completed this page. We have to add the functionality in this page also that is resumeum a builder. But for now let me just come back to the dashboard and if I open the database and let's click on this refresh button. So here it should display two réumé. You can see here we have second rum also right. And in this one we have the data like professional summary. Then we have the skills. Then we have personal info right? We have the experience you can see in this database. So we have added the réumé in database using this upload existing. Next, we have to display my réumé here in this list. So, we will remove this dummy data from the asset and we will display the réumé list from the database. So, I'll just come back to the VS code and uh you will find this function that is load all ré right and in this one you can see we have the dummy data from the assets. So, let's remove it. So I'll remove this dummy data and uh in this one we will add the try catch a statement and after that in this try block we'll make the API call. So just copy this a statement paste it here and here we will add await API.get method. We are using the get method here. Then the path will be SL API/ users then slash resums and after that here we have to add the headers that's it. So it will provide the list of réumé and after that here we'll use the setter function set all rums and provide the data dot rums property. Next, we'll come back to the catch block and copy this statement. Paste it here. That's it. And we have to execute this function whenever the component gets loaded. So just come here and uh this function is already added in this use effect. So save the changes and open the web page. So now you can see here we have only two réumés, right? And now when I hover it, you can see we have the delete button and this edit icon. So we will add the functionality for this edit and delete. So let me just come back to the VS code. And uh till now we have created this create réumé and upload ré and this load all réumés. But when we clicked on the button to upload rum, we have to wait for some time and we have to display the loading animation. Right? For that we have already added the loading estate that is is loading. So using this estate we will display the animation. So just come here. Let's scroll down and we will find that button. So here we have the so create réumé. Then we have the so upload rumé and here we have this upload rumé button and we have the icon right that is upload cloud. Correct? So in this one we'll add the loading animation. So this is the text area right where we will select the rum to upload. And this is the button and the button text is upload rum right. So let's add the space here in this button like this. And now in this one let's add curly braces. And first we'll check the state. So just add is loading and then and operator. So if the is loading is true then we'll add the loading animation. So just add the icon here that is loader circle icon. Import it from the lucid react. And in this one we'll add the class name property and provide animate a spin. Then we will add size four and text white. So we have added this icon when the is loading is true. And uh after that here we have to add the text also. So again we'll add the curly braces. And uh let's add is loading. So when it is true we will add the text called uploading. And if it is false then we'll add the colon and provide this text that is upload rum like this. Save the changes. And let's come here. So if I click here, you can see it is displaying this input field and this area to upload the rumé. And here we have the upload button, right? And if I select any réumé or any PDF file, then it will upload it and it will take some time to process it. So it will display the loading animation here. For that, first I'll delete the existing rumé and then we will upload it again. So let's complete the delete feature. So I'll just come back to the VS code. And uh in this one here we have the delete resumeum function. In this one we have this confirmation window. And after that in this one we have the if statement. So here let's add con and then we'll add curly braces data. We have to make the API call. So just add equal to await and uh let's remove this statement from here. and copy the API call from here. Paste it here. So we have added await API dot delete method. So the type is delete and then we'll add the path. So it will be back tick and in this back tick we'll add / ai/ resumeum is slash delete and after that here we have to provide the resumeum id. So let's add / curly braces. We will add dollar sign and curly braces and provide the resumeum id so that we can delete the particular rum. And after that just remove this data and we have to provide the headers only. Right. And uh after that here we will use set all réumés and provide all réumés dot filter and uh in this one let's provide the add a function with the individual rum in the parameter and it will be rum dot id not equal to rum id and after that we have to display the toast notification. So just add toast dot success and let's provide data dot message. Right now here we have to add the try catch statement also. So I'll write try catch block and in this try block let's move this code like this and come to this catch block and in this catch block let's copy the statement paste it here. That's it. So we have added the functionality for delete rumé. Now let's add the functionality for edit rum also. So here we have the edit title function and in this one let's add try catch block and move this statement in this try block. Now here we'll make the API call. So I'll just copy this paste it here. So here we have await API dot and let's add put because we have to update the title and here we have added back text / API/resume is /update and after that let's remove this path and uh then we have to add the data here so just add curly braces and in this one we will provide the rumé id. So it will be edit rumé id and after that let's add comma and provide rum data and it will be title. Then we will use the setter function set all réumés and in this one let me provide this all résumés dot map and in this one we have added the individual rum in the parameter and created the add function and then we have added rum dot ID equal to edit rum id and then we have added the turnary operator if it is true then we will provide the réumé and provide the title and after that we have added the réumé if it is false. Now we'll use the setter function set title and here let's add empty string and then we'll use the set edit resumeum id it will be empty string then we have to add the toast notification. So just add toast dots success and here we will add the message. So just add data dot message. We are adding it in the set title only. Let me close this here and paste it here. So here we have set title, set edit, resumeumé ID and toast dots success. And let me close this one also. So here we'll add this closing parenthesis. That's it. Now come to this catch block and in this catch block paste this statement like this. So we have added the functionality for edit title. Now let me come back here and click on this edit icon. So this is the existing title my second rumé. So let me change it. I'll write my another rum and click on update. Here we are getting some error. To fix this issue, we will come back to the VS code and uh let's open the server folder. And in this one, we will open the controllers and rumé controller. And here you can see we have this function update rum. Right? And in this one, we have created the rum copy using this JSON.parse and provided the rum data. So here let's add JSON dot a stringify and in this one we will provide réumé data. Just update this line save the changes. So it will restart the back end also. After that let me just come back to this dashboard.jsx file and here we have added this function that will edit the réumé title. So let's test it. I'll just come back here and now I'll write my another rumé and click on update. So you can see it is saved successfully and you can see the rumé name my another rumé. It is working fine. Now let's add the delete functionality. So I'll just come back and we have already created this delete. So I'll just come back here and click on this delete icon. So it is asking are you sure you want to delete? So I'll click okay. So now this résumé has been deleted. So this rumé delete is working fine. Now let me test this feature again that is upload existing. I'll just click here and here we'll add the title. So I'll write my new rum and here we'll upload the PDF file. So I'll select this and click on upload rum. So you can see the loading animation and this text loading. or uploading. So just wait for it. So now you can see after uploading it is opening the dashboard page where we can edit the rumé. And if I come back here we have the my new rumé. But we have to update the layout of our button. So let me just delete it and uh come here. So you can see this button is there and when we click on this button it should disable this button until it is loading. So let me just come back here and we will open this dashboard.jsx file. And in this one you can see we have this button. In this button we have added the loader circle icon and the text uploading and upload rumé. Right? So here in this button we'll add the disabled property. And in this disabled property let's write is loading. So when the is loading is true, it will be disabled. After that, we'll add some extra classes here. So after this transition colors, let's add the flex layout. So we'll add flex item center, justify center, and gap 2. Now save the changes and come back here. Now if I add the title my new rumé and click on the icon to upload the réumé and click on this button. So this button will get disabled. So this button is disabled for now and here we have the loading animation. We cannot upload another one. It is disabled until it is loading. So this alignment is good for this loading animation and the text. And after that the data has been uploaded. Let me open the database. Click on this refresh. And here it should display the uploaded rumé details. So here we have two rum. You can see my new rumé. And here we have the content like professional summary, skills, personal info, right? We have all the data. So if I come back here, so we have created the functionality to display the uploaded rumé here. And here we can create a new rumé. We can upload the existing rumé. We can delete it. And we can also change the rumé title. Now let's open this one. And here we have the réumé builder page. So we will add the functionality in this rumé builder to connect our backend APIs with the réumé builder page. We will come back to the VS code and open this sidebar. And here we have this pages folder. And in the pages folder we have réumé builder.jsx file. Let's open it. Now in this one you can see here we are getting the réumé id from the padams. So if I open it we have the rumé ID in this URL. After that here we will get the token. So let's add constra token and we will get this token from the state. So let's add use selector imported from the React Redux and in this one we'll add the arrow function with the estate in the parameter and it will return the estate dot o. So now we have the token so that we can make the API call and we will authenticate our API request using this token. Now here we have the estates that get updated when we add any data in these input field. Right? So here we have the load existing rum function. And in this one we have to display the réumé data if it is saved in the database. Right? So right now we have added the dummy data. Right? We have dummy rumé data. So let me remove it. And here we have to make the API call. So I'll just clear this function. And in this one, let's add try catch a statement. Now in this try block, we'll add con curly braces data equal to await. And here we'll add the API. Import this API from config folder. Then we'll add dot get. And here let's add path. It will be / ai slash rumage / get and after that we have to add the rumé id. So let's add rum id and after that here we'll add the comma and provide curly braces. And in this one we'll add the headers. And in the headers we have to provide the authorization and token like this. And after that we'll add the if statement. And let's check if the data do resume property is true. It means we are getting the rumé data. Then we will use the setter function set rum data. And in this one provide this data dot rumé. And after that let's update the document title or page title. So just add document dot title equal to data dot rum do.title. So the rum title will be displayed in the browser title. And after that we have the catch block. So in this catch block simply add console.log and provide the error dot message. So we have created this function so that it will load the data from the database. So just come back here and if I come back here and click on this one. So it will display the data from the database. So these input fields will be autofilled when we have the data here. in the database. So if I open the second one, we have the another rumé, my new rumé. Let me open it. So you can see here we have all the data available in this input fields and we have the rumé in the right side. Correct? And we can also change the input field data and we can save this. For that we have to add the API in the front end. So let's come back here and again open the first réumé where we don't have any data. So we will add the functionality so that we can enter the details and click on save button. So this will get saved in the database. So just come back to the VS code and here you can see we have this function change rumé visibility right. So here we have to change the visibility in the database. We have to update the data in database. So just remove this. And here we'll add try catch a statement. And in this try block first we need the form data. So let's add con form data equal to new form data. And after that here let's add the form data dot append method. And in this one we will append the rumé ID. So I'll write rumé id field name and the value is rumé id. After that here we will add form data dot append property and in this one let's add the field name that is rum data and here let's add JSON dot a stringify and here we will add curly braces public property and here we'll add not of réumé data data dot public. So if it is public it will make it private and if it is private it will make it public right and we have to update this in the database also for that we'll make the API call. So here let's add this API call just copy from here and paste it here and in this one we'll add await API.get get and instead of this get here we will use put method. So just add put and after that we'll add / API/ resumeum is slash update and remove this forward slash from the end and after that remove this resumeum id also. So here we have the comma and then we have to provide this form data. So let's add this form data here and provide comma. That's it. Then we have added the headers. After that here we will use the set resume data and in this one we'll add the object provide the spread operator resumeum data. Then we'll add the public property. And in this one we'll add not of réumé data dot public right and after that we have to display the notification. So just add toast dot success and here let's add data dot message. So we will display the message that we will receive from the API. And now come to this catch block. So in this catch block just add console dot error and uh here let me provide this message that is error saving rum and this particular error. So using this function we can make the réumé public or private right now we'll create another function using that we can save the réumé data in database. So here let's create a function. I'll write const save rumé equal to asynchronous add function. And in this one let's add try catch statement. And in this try block we will create the copy of réumé data. So let's write let updated réumé data equal to a structured clone and provide the rum data. So now we have the copy of rum data. After that here we will remove the image if it is available. So let's add one comment remove image from updated réumé data so that we can send the réumé data separately and the image will be added separately in the form data. So let's add if statement and write type of réumé data dot personal info dot image equal to object. It means we have the image available right. So we have to remove it. So let's add delete and provide this updated réumé data dot personal info dot image property. So this image property will be removed. After that here we will add the form data that will be sent on API request. So just add con form data equal to new form data. After that here let's add the form data dot append method and let's add the key name that is rum id and uh after that let's add comma and provide the value. So the value is réumé id. Then we'll add the form data again and dot append method. In this one again we have to add the key name. So it is rum data and here let's add the JSON dot a stringify and here we will provide the updated rumé data like this. After that here let's add remove background. So when the remove background is true. So let's add the and operator. Here we'll add the form data dot append. And in this one just add the property remove background and add the value. Yes. And after that let's add the type of just copy this one type of resumeumé data personal info image equal to object like this and if it is true then we'll add the and operator and here we will append the image. So let's add the form data dot append method and here let's add the key name. So the key name is image and then we have to provide the value here. So just add comma rum data dot personal info dot image. So this image will be added separately using this image key name or field name right so that the back end will handle this image and upload it on cloud storage. After that we can make the API call. So let's add the con curly braces data equal to await and here also we will use API dot put method and after that we have to add the path. So it will be SL API slash resumeumage SL update. After that here we have to provide the data that is form data and after this form data let's add the curly braces where we will add the headers and in the headers we have to add authorization and token. So we will make the API call here and after that we will get the response. So let's use the setter function set rumé data and uh in this one just provide data dot resum and after that we'll add the toast notification. So just add toast dot success and here let's provide data dot message. After that come here in the catch block. So in this catch block we'll add console dot error and in this one let's add text that is errors saving rum and provide this error. It will be displayed in the console. Next we have to link this save rumé function with our button. So let me come here where we have added the button tag to save the changes. Right? So here you can see we have the button called save changes right. So in this button we'll add the on click property. In this on click we'll add the arrow function. And here let's add the toast dot promise. And here let's add the save rum function. After that we'll add the comma and provide the curly braces. Here we'll add text called loading and uh in this condition we'll add the text that is saving. So in the notification it will display the text saving when it is loading. Right? And here we have added the button text save changes. Correct. Now let's just come back here and here I'll add the details. So let me add the name here like this and after that we'll add the email test.com. Here we'll add the dummy phone number and then we'll add the location and let's add the profession. Here you can add the LinkedIn profile, personal website and now I'll click on this save button. So you can see successfully saved. And after that if I open the MongoDB database and click on refresh button. So in this data you can see we have two réumé. This is the first one and here we have the details. So first we have the personal info. If I expand it, you can see these details are empty. So when we entered the data and click on the save changes, it gives the success message. But the data is not saved in the database. So to fix this issue, we will come back to the VS code. And let's open the server folder. So here we have the server and in this one we have the controllers and resumeum a controller.js file. In this one we have this function that is update rumé. Here you can see we have this réumé data copy right. So let's break this in multiple line. So I'll first declare this variable using let rum data copy and after that I'll come here in the next line and write the if statement. And here we will check the type of réumé data. So let's add type of réumé data equal to a string. So when the type is a string then we will directly parse it using JSON method. So here let's add if statement that is resumeum data copy equal to await JSON dot parse and simply provide this resumeumi data. Now if the type of rumi data is not equal to a string. So here we'll add the else statement and here let's write the rum data copy equal to a structured clone and provide the réumé data directly. That's it. Just update this changes and save this file. So it will restart the bracket. After that we'll come back here and now let me enter the details again. So I'll enter the name. Then we'll enter the dummy email ID. Then we'll add the dummy phone number, location and profession and enter the LinkedIn URL and website URL and click on save button. You can see the message saved successfully and again I'll open the database. So if I click on this refresh button and uh after that let's open this user data that is the rumés data and here we have the personal info in this one you can see we have the full name profession email phone location right and this LinkedIn and website fields are empty after that here we will upload the image also so I'll just come back here and you can see we have the option to upload the image that is upload user image and it will be displayed in the resumeumé right so I'll just click here and upload one image so here I have one image user pick let me upload it so you can see this image is added here and here we have the option to remove the background but for now let me just upload this image and you can see the face alignment is not in the center in our uploaded image. If I open the image, you can see this face is not in the center and we are uploading this image. So I'll just come back here and click on this save changes button. So you can see the notification saving and after that saved successfully and after uploading you can see this image is in the center. It means the face is in the center. So it is because we have added the auto face focus using image kit. Let me change the template. So I'll click on this drop-down and I'll choose this minimal image. You can see this image is displayed in our rum also. So after changing the template, I'll click on this save button. So this image will be saved. And after that if I open the database, click on this refresh. So here you will find the image URL. So you can see we have the personal info and we have the image property and here we have the image. So our image is uploaded on image kit. Right? So you can see this autoface focus is working fine using image kit and the image is uploaded on image kit cloud storage. After that we will remove the background also. Right now you can see the background is gray in this image. If I change the color of our réumé then you can see the background color is not changing because the background is fixed. So we will remove the background from this image. And after that when we change the color from here, it will also update the background color. For that let's upload the image again. So I'll just remove this image and uh let's upload this image again and click on this toggle button that is remove background. So it will first remove the background and it will autofocus the face and upload the image on image kit. it will be displayed on our réumé. So we have added remove background and click on save button. So now you can see the image has been uploaded and the background has been removed. So we have removed the background image using image kit AI feature. So now we can also change the background color using this ascent. If I change this, you can see the background is changing. So you can match the background of the image according to your theme. So you can see we can add multiple color here. We have the multiple ascent right and according to this background color the theme color is also changing. You can see we have these icons in this color. Right. After that let me change the template from here. If I choose this modern, you can see this is the background color. And if I change it, you can see the color is updating like this. So let me switch to the minimal image template. So we have added the personal details here. I'll choose this color and after that click on this next button. So here we have to add the professional summary. So here if I add the text so I'll write this text right and this will be added in the réumé. If I click on save changes it is saved right and if I open the database click on this refresh then you will find this summary here. You can see professional summary right but you can also optimize or enhance the summary by using AI feature. So here we have added AI enhance right. So let's add the functionality in this button. For that we'll come back to the VS code and let's open the sidebar and here we have the components. In this components we have the professional summary.jsx file. So here we have to create a function and we will link that function with this button that is AI enhance right so before this return a statement let's add a space and here first we'll get the token so let's add con curly braces token equal to use selector import it from react redux then we'll add the estate and create the add function and it will return the estate dot o. After that here we will add the new state variable. So just add con is generating and the setter function name is set is generating equal to use a state and initialize it using false. After that here we have to add a function. So let's write cost con generate summary equal to async add a function and after that in this one we will make the API call. So let's add the try catch statement and in this try block first we'll use the setter function set is generating and let's make it true and after that let's add const and here we'll add the prompt and equal to let's add back text and here we'll add the text enhance my professional summary and after that here we'll add double quote And then we'll add dollar sign curly braces and provide the data like this. And uh after that here let's add the API call. So let's add con response equal to let me add the semicolon here and remove this. Now it is correct. And here let's add response equal to await and provide API. Import the API here from config. And then we'll add dotpost. And after that here we'll add the API path that is / API/ AI/ enhance proum that is enhance professional somebody. After that we'll add the comma and here we'll add the data that is user content. And in this user content let's provide the prompt that we have added here. So we have provided this prompt and after that we'll add comma kiba ss and provide the headers using that we will authenticate our request. So here we have added the headers authorization token. So here we'll get the response. So now we will use the setter function set resumeum data and in this one let's provide the add function with the previous data in the parameter. So let's add previous and create the add function and here we'll add parenthesis and provide object and provide the spread operator previous. Now in this one let's add the professional summary. So we have added the professional summary property and here we will provide the response data. So just add response dot data dot enhanced content that we'll receive from the API response. That's it. And after that come here in this catch block and in this catch block we'll add toast notification. So import the toast then write dot error and in this one let's add the error message and here we'll add the or operator and provide error dot message. Now after this catch we'll add the finally and in this one we will use the setter function set is generating and let's make it false. After that let's come here in this button. So we have this button called AI enhance right. So in this one we'll add disabled property and in this disabled let's provide age generating. So if age generating is true it will be disabled. After that we'll add the on click property also. In this on click just provide the function generate summary. And after that here we have to display the loading animation. So here let's add curly braces and provide is generating question mark. If it is true then we'll add this parenthesis. Right? And if it is false we'll add colon and uh provide this another parenthesis. Right? Now in this first one let's provide the icon and text or the text will be head only we will simply provide the icon. So in this first one let's add opening arrow loading or loader two. We will import the loader two from Lucid React. So we have added the loader two and after that we have to add the size and animate a spin. So we have added class name size four animate a spin. After that suppose it is false then we have to display this icon. So let's copy this icon or cut it from here and paste it in this parenthesis. So it will update the icon based on this is generating. After that we have to update the text also. So again add curly braces use is generating question mark. If it is true then we'll add the text called enhancing and if it is false then we will add this text that is AI enhance like this and uh after adding it let's save the changes and come back here and now if I click on this button AI enhance you can see we have the loading animation and the text is enhancing And after that it will update our professional summary. You can see the professional summary has been generated using AI and it is added in this rum also. We'll click on this save changes. So it will also update this data in database. Now let's click on this next button. So here we have to add the professional experience. Right? So let me add the data in this section also. So I'll click on this add experience and here let's add the company name. So I'll write any company like example and after that we'll add the job title. So I'll add the job title here. Then we have to add the start date and end date. So here we'll write the year and month. So I'll choose this year and after that you can click on this checkbox currently working here like this and here you need to provide the job description. So I'll write the job description here and you can also enhance or optimize this job description using AI. Right? So here we have the button enhance with AI. So we will use this button and we will enhance our job description using AI. So for that let's come back here in VS code and let's open the sidebar and here we have the experience form dot JSX file and here we have to create the function using that we can enhance the job description that will be added in the experience. Right? So here we have the add experience function and before that let me get the token. So let's add con curly braces token equal to use selector and after that we'll add the state here and it will return the state dot. So here we will create the state variable using that we will display the loading animation in the button. So just add con generating index and the setter function name is set generating index equal to use a state and initialize it using minus one. After that here we have remove experience then update experience and after that here we will add a new function that is generate description. It means we are generating the job description using AI. So just add the async add function here and uh in this function parameter we will get the index number. So let's add the index here and after that let's use the setter function set generating index and provide the index number here. After that let's add con here let's add the experience equal to the data and provide the index. After that let's add const and here we'll add the prompt equal to and let's add back text and provide the text that is enhance this job description. After that we'll add dollar sign curly braces and provide the experience dot description property. And after that we'll add the text again that is for the position of and provide dollar sign curly braces experience dot position. Then we'll add text at dollar sign curly braces then experience dot company. That's it. So here we have added the prompt that means the prompt is enhance this job description and here we have the job description for the position of and this is the job position like web developer at company name. So we have the prompt now we can make the API call. So I'll write try catch a statement and in this try block we'll make the API call. So let's add con curly braces data equal to await. And here we will add the API. So just import it from the config. And then we'll add dot post method. After that in this one we'll add / API/ AI/ enhance job description. Right? Then we'll add the comma. And here let's add curly braces user content. And in this user content we have to provide our prompt. So let's add colon prompt. After that here we have to add the headers also. Using that we can authenticate our API request. So we have added the headers property and authorization token. After that let's add update experience and here let's add the index and then we'll add comma then provide the description property and after that we'll add dot data dot enhance or enhanced content that's it. So after this try block here we have the catch block. So in this one we'll add the toast notification. So just add toast dot error and here let's provide the error dot message and after that here we'll add finally block and in this one let's use the setter function set generating index and make it minus one. That's it. Save the changes and after that let's come here on this button. So here we have this button called enhance with AI. So here it is. So you can see this button enhance with AI. Right? Now here we have to add our function. So first we have this div. Then we have the label tag. In this label we have this button. So in this button let's add on click property. In this on click let's add the arrow function and call generate description function. And here we have to provide the index like this. After that here we have to add disabled property and in this disabled let's add curly braces generating index and equal to index. Then we'll add R operator not of experience dot position odd operator not of experience dot company and after that come here and here we'll add curly braces and here let's add generating index equal to index X and question mark if it is true then we'll add the loading animation. So here we'll add loader two imported from lucid react and for this one we'll set the width height and animate a spin right and after that we'll add colon and provide parenthesis here and in this one we'll add this a sparkles icon move it here and then we have this text enhance with AI now save the changes and let's open the web page so after adding this detail Let's click on this button enhance with AI. So you can see the loading animation here. And after that this job description has been enhanced using AI. You can see the updated job description here. Correct. And you can add multiple experience. I'll click on this add experience button. So you can see here we have to add the next experience detail. So I'll add one more experience detail. Here I'll write the company name. So I'll use the dummy name here. Then we'll add the job title. And then we'll add the start date. So I'll select the year. And after that we will choose the end date. So let's add this end date and start date. And after that we'll add the job description here. And let's click on this button to enhance this job description. So you can see the loading animation in this second button enhance with AI. And uh just wait for it. It has been improved, right? So here we have the updated job description. So let's click on this save button. So this data will get saved in the database also. So this is how our réumé is looking. And if I change the template, it is displayed like this in the classic template. This is the modern template. This is the minimal image template, right? And after that, let's click on this next button. So here we can add the education details, right? So I'll just click on this add education button. So I'll click on this button add education. And here let's add the details. So I'll add the degree name. Then we'll add the institute name. Then we'll add the field of study. And then we'll add the date. And after that click on save button. So it will be added in the rum. You can see it is added here. Let's add one more detail. So I'll write the institute name. Then we'll add the degree. So I'll add this here. And uh after that add the degree here. And then we'll add the date. And then we'll add the field of study and click on save changes. So it is also added here in this rum. Right now click on this next button. So here you can add the projects also. Right. So I'll click on this add project. And here we have to add the project name. So I'll write the project name. Then you need to add the type. So I'll write the project type. Then you need to add the project description. So here we have added the project description. Similarly we can add multiple projects. So just click on add button again. And here we'll add the project name. Then we'll add the type and then we'll add the description like this. So you can see this project details has been added in this rumé. Click on save. Now again click on this next button. So here you can add the skills. So let's add the skills here. I'll click in this input field and add JavaScript. Click on add button. So it is added here right again we'll add new skills. So you can add the skills like this. You can add multiple skills. You can also remove any of this skill using this cross icon. So after adding it click on save changes. So now we have completed this rumé builder feature also. And here you can see this réumé is private. If I click here it is public. And here we have the share link. We can also download this rumé. If I click on this download button, you can see you can easily print this ré right. And uh if I click on this share icon, you will get a public link. So I'll just copy this link and open in new tab. So right now you can see here we have this text rum not found because we have to add the functionality in this preview page. For that I'll just come back to the VS code. And here let's open the pages folder and preview JSX file. In this one here we are getting the rumé id from parameter. And after that here we have the load rum function right where we have added the dummy data. So let me just clear this function and after that we'll add try catch statement. Now in this try block we'll make the API call. So just add con curly braces data equal to await and here we will add API dot get. So first we'll import this API. So import it from the config folder. Then we'll add dot get method and after that here we have to add the path. So the path is / API/resumes / right. So it will only display the réumé data if it is public. After that we'll add plus and here we have to add the rumé id. So just add this rumé id. it will be added in the URL right and after that here let's use the setter function set resumeum data and in this one provide the data dot resumeum that we are getting from the API right now come to this catch block and in this catch block let's add console log error dot message. Right after that, we'll add finally and uh in this one we will add set is loading and let's make it false. So you can see by default is loading is true and after loading the data it will be false. So after adding it save the changes and let's open the web page. So here you can see this is the public profile or public réumé page right. So anyone can see your rumé online using this preview link. Now just come back here and uh I'll come back to the dashboard. Now I'll click on this second rumé and you can see right now it is private right. So if I click on this button it will be public and you can see this is the template theme. I'll change the theme to green like this. And after that I'll change the template that is minimal like this one. So whenever you will change the template then the user will see your réumé in this template only. So click on save changes and click on save button and get the link and paste it here. So you can see here we have the preview page of the ré in the same template. Right? So now we have completed our rumé builder website using MongoDB, Express, React and NodeJS. Next we have to deploy this website online. To deploy this rumé builder online, we need to get a VPS hosting. To get the VPS hosting, we will use Hostinger. So just open this URL greatdev/go/hostinger-VPS. You will find this link in the description. So just click on the link given in the description and come to this VPS hosting page for Hostinger. Here I'll click on this choose plan. So you can see here we have very affordable VPS hosting plan by Hostinger. So you can choose KVM 1 or KVM 2. It will work. And here you can see in the first plan you will get one virtual CPU with 4 GB of RAM, 50GB of disk space and 4TB bandwidth. In the second plan you will get two virtual CPUs and 8 GB of RAM, 100 GB disk space and 8 TB bandwidth. So I'm going to choose this one. I'll click here. You can choose the first plan also. It will work. So I'll choose this plan and after that you need to choose the duration. So if you choose the maximum duration you will get the maximum discount. You can either choose 1 month, 12 months or 24 months. So if you choose 1 month plan you need to renew it every month and the renewal cost will be very high as you can see here. So at least go for 12 months or you can go for 24 months. So when you buy for 24 months this is the monthly price right and after that and here you can see you need to choose the server location. So in this dropdown you can choose your nearest server location and after that you can also choose the operating system. So here I'm going to choose this Ubuntu confirm. So we have selected this Ubuntu operating system. So here we have the order summary where you can see the total price for 24 months and after that you can see here we have the total price but it will be increased after adding the taxes right but before that let me add the coupon also so I'll click on this button have a coupon code in this coupon code we will write greater stack 15 and click on apply So here we have received additional discount of 15% using this coupon code stack 15 and this is the final price and after that it will calculate the tax when you will add the billing details. So you need to login on this website. I have already logged in so I can directly go to the next page where it will ask for the billing information. So after adding the billing details here it is displaying the final price after adding the taxes. This price will be different for different country. After that you need to make the payment using your preferred payment type like card, UPI, PayPal or any other method. So just complete the payment and you will come to this screen and here you will find your hosting details like the server name, IP address, a status and here you will get a button like setup or finish. So just click on that button and it will ask you to provide the password for your VP server. I have already added the password and after adding the password you will come to this screen where you can see your details like VPS hosting details. So here you can see we have the server location, operating system, host name and then we have SSH username and this is the IP address. Right? So now we have a VPS server where we can upload our files and we can deploy our project. After getting the VPS, let's open this sidebar and here you will find domains. So I'll click on get new domain and here just search for the domain name that you want to get. So I'll search for a risum.com. I'll click on search button. So it is already taken. It is not available. So I'll search for another one. I'll write georresum.com. So it is available. So I'll click on this button buy now. So after clicking the buy now button, it is asking to choose the duration. So I'll choose 1 year and after that I'll complete the purchase. After getting the domain name, you need to provide the personal information to confirm the domain and you will see this screen. Then click on continue. Then click on skip. So after completing the domain you will see this screen and here you need to verify your email also for this domain. After that again we'll come back to the VPS and I'll open manage VPS using this manage button. And here you can see we have the root access. So now we will access the terminal of our VPS server. For that let's open the terminal in this PC. So I'll open command prompt and I'll paste this root access link that is SSH root at IP address. So I'll paste it here and press enter. After that you can see it is asking are you sure you want to continue. I'll press yes. Now it is asking for the root password. So just provide the password that you have entered while creating this VPS server. So I'll enter my password. So after adding the password now we are connected with the VPS server. Right? You can see the user is root and this is the server name. So now we are in the VPS terminal. After coming to this VPS terminal on our VPS, we have to install the NX server and in that one we will also add the NodeJS application so that we can run our app. So let's come back on the web browser and open this link github.com/greatestdev. Here you will find this repository notes. In this one you will find this deploy man on VPS. So here we have the steps how to deploy your manstack project on VPS server. Right. So first you need to connect to your VPS terminal. So we have already added this command to connect with the VPS and after that you can see the next step. So we have to add this command sudo apt update. So just copy this one and add it here in this terminal. Press enter. It is executing this command and it is finished. After that you can see the next command. Just copy this and paste it here. Now you can see it is executing this command. After that you can see this screen. So let me zoom out so that you can see. So here we will choose this option keep the local version currently installed. You can move up or down using your key and press enter. So now this execution has been completed right after that come back to this documentation. You can see the next step. So we have to install NodeJS on our server. So let's just copy this statement and paste it here. Press enter. After that copy the second statement and paste it here. Press enter. Now copy the next one and paste it here install. After that let's come back here and you can see the next step. So we have to install the git on our server. For that just copy this command and paste it here. Press enter. So the g is also installed. After that we'll come back here in this document and you can see the next step. So it is setting up MongoDB database. So you can click on this link. So it will open the document to set up the MongoDB database on your server. So instead of installing the MongoDB database in this VPS server, I'm going to use the MongoDB atlas only. And if you want to set the MongoDB on server, you can follow this guide by clicking this link. And after that I'll come to the third step that is deploying express and NodeJS back end. So first we have to deploy the back end. Right? For that let's copy this command. MK diir will create the directory. So just copy this and paste it here. After that I'll just copy this one to navigate to this directory. So now we are in this www directory. And after that you can see the next step. So we have to clone our project on this repository right. So first we have to deploy our project on GitHub so that we can clone the project on our server. To deploy the project on GitHub just come back here in the VS code and let's close all the files. I I'll right click and select close saved. And after that just come here and I'll collapse all the folder. And here it will create a new file and write the file name.get ignore. In this one I'll write node modules and we'll write env. So if you want to remove the env file from the GitHub, you can add it here. But I want to add the env file also so that I can directly send it on server. So I'll not add the env. I'll simply add node modules. So it will ignore this folder. After that, let's click on this source control icon and click on initialize repository. And I'll click here in this input field and I will add the commit message project complete and click on commit button. Then click on publish branch. And after that it is asking to provide the repository name and choose the repository type. So in this repository I have added environment variable also that's why I will keep the repository private. I'll use this GitHub private repository and the name is resumeum builder. So I'll click here. So it is uploading the code on GitHub profile. Now it is completed. After that I'll open my GitHub repository. So you can see on my GitHub repository this project is available. We have the client folder and server folder. And in this one we have added the env file also so that we can easily send it on server. After that you can see right now this repository is private. So we cannot clone it. We need to provide the token for this GitHub repository to clone on server. But instead of providing the token we will simply make it public for few minute and then again I'll make it private. So for that just copy this command from here from this document. You can see this is the command get clone and then we have to provide the repository right. So let's come here in this terminal. All right. So now we are logged out from this terminal because it took so much time. So again we need to login. So I'll just come back here and copy this SSH and paste it here. After that provide the password and after that you need to navigate to www folder. So just add cd and let's see the folder structure. Here we have /ww. So let's add it here. So here we have added cd / www. Now in this repository we will add get clone and after that we have to provide the github repository link. So just copy this link but right now this repository is private. So I'll come to settings then I'll click change visibility and make it public. So change to public. So now this repository is public. So we can easily make a clone. So I'll paste this URL here and press enter. So it will clone the repository on this VPS server. So now it is completed. Here we will type ls. Press enter. So now you can see here we have the rum builder folder. It means we have successfully cloned the project. After that we will make the project private. So I'll come here in the settings and let's change the visibility. I'll change to private. So now again this repository is private because in this repository we have added the envo. So now let's come here in this document and you can see first we have to navigate to the backend repository right for that let's add the CD then repository name and the folder name where we have added the code for the backend server. So we have added the folder called server. So here we'll write cd and then we'll write this folder resumeumi builder dash don't add the dash here we'll add slash and uh server because we have the server folder. So now we are in this server folder. After that let's see the next step. So here we have to install the dependencies. So just add this command npm install. So just copy paste it here. So the packages has been installed. After that we'll see the next step. So here you can see we have to create the env file. So we will not create it because we have already added it using the GitHub. After that now you can see the next step installing PM2 to start the back end. So just copy this command and come back here. Paste this npm install-g pm2. Press enter. After that, let's see the next step. So, we have to copy this command where we have to add npm2 a start. Then server.js file. Then we have to add name and project back end. So, let's paste it here. I'll just copy again and paste it here. Press enter. So now you can see this project backend is added. The name is project back end. Right? And after that just come back here. Next you can see a start backend on a startup. So we have to add this command so that whenever we will restart the VPS server it will automatically start the backend server. So just copy this paste it here press enter after that let's copy the next command p2 save. Just copy and paste it here. It is also done. After that you can see the next step allowing backend port in firewall. So just copy this add it here. Press enter. So you can see a status inactive. So let's enable it. So I'll just copy this one. Paste here. Press enter. Now press Y. Now you can see firewall is active and enabled on system startup. After that let's come here and copy this next command and paste it here. Press enter. You can see rule added and then just copy this last one. And in this one we will change the port. So I'll paste it here. And instead of this 4,000, I'll make it 3,000. Now press enter. So you can see this rule is also added. After that just come here and uh you can see the next step deploying the react front end. So we have deployed the back end. Next we have to deploy the front end. But before installing the front end, let me verify the back end is running or not. So I'll just copy this IP address. It is also here. Just copy this and open it in the new tab. And here we'll add colon 3000. Press enter. So you can see the message server is live. It means we have successfully deployed our backend server. Next we have to deploy the front end. So let's copy this command. We will navigate to the front end folder right. So just come here and right now we are in this server right. So just add cd dot dot. So now we are in the resumeum builder folder and after that we have to go to client folder. So just add cd client. So now we are in the client directory and here we have to install the dependencies. So just add npm install. So it will install the packages. So now the packages has been installed. After that let's see the next step. So here also we have to add the environment variable that we have already added. So next we have to create the build using npm run build. So just copy and paste it here. Press enter. So it will create the build for our react project. So now the build has been created. After that just come here and see the next step. So we have to install the engineext on our server. For that let's copy this command and come back to the terminal. So we have to add this command here. But before that you can see the build has been created in this dist folder. We will use this dist folder to run our project. So now here we will paste this command that will install the engineext. It is installing. So it is completed. After that let's see the next step. So here we have to add this in the firewall. So just copy this paste it here. Press enter. So you can see the status active and here we have the port that is allowed and this open SSH is allowed. Right? So just come back here and we have to add it in the firewall. So just copy this and paste it here. Press enter. So now it will be added in the firewall. You can see the rule added. Now just come back here. After that you can see the next step that is configure engine X for React front end. Right. For that we have to add the nano. Then we have to add the path and we have to create a file with the domain name.com dot conf that is config. So I'll just copy this one and come here. I'll paste it here. So we have added this command here and in this one we'll change the domain. So let's delete the domain name and I will add my own domain. So here I'll write the domain name go resume.com conf and here we have added it in the etc/engineext/ sites available slash and the file name. Now press enter. So it is creating this file. So now you can see a new file has been created with the name geodum.com.conf. Let me zoom out this one and you can see the complete page here. We have these shortcut keys. So just come back here and let's see what we have to add. So I'll just copy this and paste it here. And in this one we have to make the changes. So first we'll update the domain. So in this one we have to make the changes. So let's navigate this pointer and we'll change the domain first. So here we have this domain. Let me change it. All right. go resumeumé.com and after that here we'll add www do.com and after that navigate here and in this one we have to change the repository name and project. So let's delete it. Here we'll write rum-builder and after that here we'll add client. So we have added rum builder/client/dist. Now we have to save this. So just add control x then we will press y and then we will press enter. So we have created this file and added the configuration. After that we can see the next step. So you can see the next step here. We have to create the configuration. So you can see the text here. Create a similar file for the second or multiple React tab. So we don't have the multiple app. We have only one front end. So I'll just skip this one. and see the next step. So here we have to add this statement that is create symbolic link to enable the sides. So I'll just copy this one and add it here. Now in this one we have to change the file name. So the file name is the domain name, right? So I'll just zoom out this and it is not working. So I'll paste the command again here. I'll paste the command again and I'll change the name. So it will be gum.com. Then we will press enter. Now let's see the next step. So you can see the next step that is test engineext configuration for syntax error. So let's add this engineext dash t. I'll paste it here. Press enter. So you can see test is successful. Right after that come back here and copy this command that will restart the engineext. So just copy and paste it here. After that let's see the next step that is configure engineext as a reverse proxy. Here you can see the text update backend enginex configuration. So here we'll add the configuration file for the back end and we'll also add the domain for the back end. So we'll add the domain like api dot domain name. So let me just copy it and paste it here. And in this one just update the domain it is god rum.com and before that we have the API just press enter so it is opening this file and here we have to paste the configuration so I'll just copy this and paste it here after that we have to update the domain name here also and we will also update the port number. So let's navigate here and let's add geodum.com. After that let's update the port. It is 3000. That's it. Now press Ctrl X and Y. Then enter. So it is saved. After that you can see the next step. So here also we have to create the symbolic link. So just copy this one. and paste it here. In this one, let's update the file name. So, it is API dot geodum.com dot config. Press enter. After that, we'll see the next step. So, we have to restart the engineext. So, let's just copy this command, paste it here, press enter. So, it will restart the NX server. Now you can see the next step that is connect domain with website. To connect the domain name with our website, we have to point the domain and subdomain to the VPS IP address in the DNS records. So just come here and copy this IP address and we will open the domains list. So I'll come here in the domains and click on domain portfolio. In this domain portfolio, you will find your domain name. Just click on manage. So on this page you will find this DNS or name server. Just click here and after that here we have to update the DNS record. So you can see here we have the A record right? So just click on edit and in this one let's add the IP address. So I'll paste this IP address that is the VPS IP address and click on update. Let me increase it. All right. So this A record has been updated. And now we'll add the AD record for the subdomain also. Here we'll choose the type A and here we'll write API. And then we'll add the same IP address and click on add record. So we have added the API that is subdomain and IP address. Click on add record and click on confirm. After that let's come here in our documentation. So you can see we have completed this step that is pointing the domain name to the VPS IP address and after that we have to install the SSL certificate. For that we will use searchbot. So we have to install the searchbot. Just copy this and come here in the terminal. Paste this command. Press enter. After that just come back here and copy the next command that is obtaining SSL certificate. So just copy this one and we will paste it here. And here we have to update the domain name. So let's add the domain name here. So I'll write searchbot-engineext- d and provide the domain name god rumé.com. After that we'll provide www dot geodum.com and after that we will provide our subdomain. So let me delete this. And here we'll provide api dot geodum.com. Then press enter. Now it is asking for the email address. So I'll write the email address here. Then press enter and then press Y for yes. So here we'll press N for no. Now you can see the message requesting a certificate for zodum.com and two more domains. So just wait for it. And now it is generating the certificate. Now it is completed and let's see the next step. So the next step is to verify the auto renewal of SSL. So just copy this and paste it here. Press enter. So you can see simulating renewal of existing certificate. So now you can see this message success. It means it will successfully renew your SSL certificate. After that we'll see the next step. So you can see we have completed this setup. After that let's open our domain. So here we'll type goum.com. So you can see our project is live at this URL that is georresum.com. Correct. Next we have to connect the back end also. It means we have the backend URL called api.zumi.com. So we have to add that URL in our environment variable. So I'll just come back here and after that let's navigate to our client project. So we are already in the client directory. Here we will open our env file and we will modify it. So simply type nano space env. So it will open this file. Here you can see the URL. It is localhost port 3000. So let's update it. We'll delete this one. And let's write http s colon / sl/ api dot go.com. So we have added this https api.jorum.com georresum.com and press Ctrl X Y enter. So it is saved. After updating the environment variable, next we have to create the build again. So we are in the client folder. Here we'll write npm run build. Now press enter. So it will create another build and replace the previous one. So now it is completed. And after that let's come back here in the web page. Let's refresh this. It is working fine. Now I'll click on this login button. And now I'll try to login with the existing account. Click on login. So you can see it is working fine. And here we are getting the rums also. Here we have the first rumé. I'll come back to the dashboard. Now we have the second rum. Here we can create a new rumé. So we have to add the title new rum one. So here we can add the rumé data and we can also upload the user image and we can remove the background of the user image and after that here we can upload the existing réumé and then it will enhance the rumé using AI. Here we have the homepage also, right? And when we are logged in, we are getting this dashboard button and we can come to the dashboard. It is displaying the username. And if I click on log out, we are back to the homepage. So finally we have completed our réumé builder website and we have successfully deployed it online using hostinger. I hope this video will be helpful for you. If you have any question, you can ask me in the comment section. Please like and share this video and also subscribe my channel greatest tech to watch more videos like this one. 